And they were off to happy ever after I think.
There was nothing she could do about it.
tells her that she will send her to the ball.
But her fairy godmother had one statement for her.
They tore it off of her.
Someone came to the door and announced that there was going to be a ball.
And then she goes and gets ready to go.
And so they started tearing her dress, the various pieces, off.
Which, we won't even get into the situational of that anymore with this misogyny.
They really thought that the prince was going to fall in love with one of the stepsisters, even though they may have been fooling themselves a little bit about this.
And so they all got fancied up to go to the ball.
O.K., this is the story about Cinderella, who was kind of a young girl.
And the fairy godmother turns a pumpkin into a coach.
And she has to clean for them.
But the fairy godmother appears.
And then she has a lot of animal friends and such.
Cinder, Ella, you're gonna go to the ball
So you better, you know, be back at the wagon before then, before it turns back into a pumpkin.
She got all dressed up in silver slippers.
But it could have been her foot.
She goes downstairs just as the shoe flies off one of the stepsister's feet and smashes to the floor in a million pieces.
And they tried it on every single maiden.
And she meets looks like a rich young man.
Well, stepmother immediately says,
And they of course had their dresses made.
and the stepsisters and the stepmother have their finest clothes.
And her hair was made just like a beautiful princess.
He's fallen desperately in love with this woman that he doesn't know her name or where she's from.
And so the stepmother and the two stepsisters, they were so excited to go to this dance.
Her mother had died.
and makes her a beautiful gown, prettier than what the animals made.
And oh, she locks her up in the attic because there's a notice being sent that there's a golden slipper.
and lo and behold, what appeared but her fairy godmother
And she ran back home.
So these magical mice got together.
And they can't find who owns the slipper.
And in the end the carriage which was a pumpkin pulled by horses was able to transport Cinderella.
So he turned to his most important advisor and asked for a plan.
and says she will create the pumpkin coach and a dress for her to go to the ball.
And Cinderella comes down stairs.
And the stepmother and the stepsisters not only that, they locked her in her room so that there was no possibility of her leaving to go with them when they went off to the ball.
And she lives happily ever after with the handsome prince.
and he immediately fell in love.
She took the mice and made them into horses.
and says that she will make it possible for her to go.
They made her do all the chores in the house.
Once there was this beautiful girl who, unfortunately, her mother died.
So, she makes it home on time.
And this glass slipper that she was wearing falls off.
And she you know ran down the steps to get to her you know coach and that.
And you'll show up to that ball.
And in that castle, they decided to have a ball to see if they could find a girlfriend for Prince Charming.
They destroy the whole thing.
She was fine with it.
and Prince Charming sees her immediately and comes over to her and asks her to dance.
The prince fell madly and instantly in love with her.
when all of a sudden, just in a flash, appeared this wonderful lady that must have been her fairy godmother.
So, when she starts hearing the clock chime that it's going to be twelve, midnight, she tells the prince she has to leave.
I'm your fairy godmother.
So, in the beginning there's the wicked stepmother and her two children.
So Cinderella was crying with her animal friends.
But Cinderella develops a fondness for many animals, including her dog, but then also mice and other animals in the environment of her home.
But the spell would only last until midnight.
He asked her to dance.
And she just sits down.
And the first one tries it on and it's too big.
Cinder-ella I guess then pulled out the trunk and found a book and made a dress.
And then they get to the home of Cinderella.
And so one of the workers, the guy with the
And so they started to mock her, calling her
Well, thank you, fairy godmother.
And even when they see her they don't even think it's her because she's so pretty.
And she and the mice and the birds are, you know, singing songs and building the dress for her while she's doing her chores around the house.
And all the little friends helped her.
So I'm a little confused about that.
And you can marry this young lady.
Meanwhile, the king of the kingdom announces that his son, the prince, should marry.
Oh, the dress is beautiful.
and it fits perfectly.
And as the story goes, the prince and Cinderella lived happily ever after.
I married enough money.
She made it to the carriage and got home just in time.
Cinder Ella's wearing a pearl necklace.
And everything turned back to normal.
He had the glass slipper.
She was a bright, clever and talented person.
And the prince announced that this was the woman that he would marry.
So, after that, Cinderella went out into the garden.
And it's kind of her memento of the most glorious happy evening of her life.
And it's the story of a widowed father and a very young daughter.
And she's taking care of everything.
But when the stepdaughters and the stepmother found out what her intentions were, they did not like it and made every attempt to keep Cinderella from going.
and, in the process, loses her shoe.
And Cinderella knew what that meant.
He eventually found out it belonged to Cinderella.
and they live not that far away from a prince.
and, as she made a wish a fairy godmother appeared to answer her plea.
Oh, they live in a small house in a kingdom.
And she has to leave.
the dog and the horse, to the guys or charges, whatever you want to call them, guys.
And I think her feet were made out of like glass slippers.
That doesn't make sense to me.
Then the mice turn into people with carriage also pumpkin that's carriage.
And, all of a sudden, here's the magic music.
And they are all excited that they're going to get to go to the ball.
They saw Cinderella.
She had to get out of there or she was going to turn back into her rag clothes again.
She loses one of her slippers.
Once upon a time, there was a woman who had two daughters
They got married and lived happily ever after.
And she was usually in the kitchen cleaning.
Neither do the feet of the stepsisters.
But once she noticed that the clock was striking twelve at midnight, she knew that she had to be back to a horse and carriage.
One of her glass slippers got left.
And this woman appears who is her fairy godmother who grants her wishes to go to the ball by turning all of the animals and mice and the horse and the dog into horses and a chariot.
She hesitated for a second to get it, but realized she didn't have enough time.
So make sure that you are well away from the ball and out of, you know, an embarrassing compromising situation before that happens.
So she cut off her heel.
And Cinderella was so excited when she heard the news, because she had never been anywhere that was very nice.
and the old lady explained that she was Cinderella's fairy godmother and that she could help her out.
Okay, so Cinderella moves in with her stepsisters.
Well, Cinderella read over her stepmother's shoulder and got excited, because she thought
And she being the youngest one was the most discriminated against.
And, of course, the two stepsisters were going.
And she had a very good heart.
and they see that the decorations are stuff that she "stole" from their garbage.
And one day, the prince's father or the man of the house said that
If you're not home by midnight, all this will vanish.
and the stepsisters would say,
They start tearing her dress apart.
and she's in her standard scullery clothing.
All of a sudden, a light started shining.
But she tries it on.
And along came the fairy godmother.
and her stepmother doesn't love or care about or is very jealous of Cinderella.
So she hurried away.
Cinderella hopped into the carriage with the advisor off to the castle, climbed up big flight of stairs, dressed still like Cinderella.
They don't sweep it up immediately.
and he remarries to a woman who brings her own two daughters.
And, of course, her stepmother invited them to come in and said,
And so, as it happens, there's a prince in the kingdom.
And she got a pink dress.
And everyone was amazed at this beautiful person.
So, they end up dancing all night.
They became so jealous and outraged at the thought that Cinderella thought that she should be more than just a servant.
and he's running after her.
She has the other one and puts that on her feet.
And the wicked stepsisters and the mother come home.
I want to try this.
Of course, Cinderella was concerned about the time.
And she ended up marrying the prince, living happily ever after.
The father, I believe, from other sources, passed away.
They couldn't squeeze their corny feet in there.
The wicked stepsisters, I don't know.
So, she figures that it's about to be midnight.
where she couldn't get out.
And she makes a dress.
And so they made her a dress.
And he went around trying to find who it was who had the slippers on.
The fairy tale lady, she actually appeared.
So the stepmother locked Cinderella in her attic room because she had a feeling that that was her.
And they whip her up a beautiful dress, you know.
And so it became an English glass.
And as she's helping her sisters get ready, she sees them throwing away beads and sashes and ribbons.
So, he decides to go door to door to find out whose foot will fit into the glass slipper.
And the mother has the daughters try to fit the
She was back to being just a poor little stepdaughter.
and they got a letter from the king saying that he was going to have a royal ball.
But they treated her like a servant.
While there at the ball, she's touched by the fairy godmother.
and they get married and live happily ever after.
in a hurry, she ended up leaving one of her glass slippers behind.
The fairy godmother tells her that she has to be back by midnight or it all goes away.
to make the mice into horses to draw the carriage to the ball.
But, she told Cinderella, she had to be back before the last dong of midnight or all the magic would disappear.
and fairy godmother came along and waved her wand and turned a couple of mice into horses and turned a pumpkin into a carriage and used her wand and dressed her up very nicely for the ball.
tells her she can go to the ball too.
So, Cinderella was a little girl at the time when her stepmom came around.
and she sees her stepmother and stepsisters there.
And all of this stuff is going to be washed away.
And they all lived happily ever after.
Then they had put beautiful clothes on her.
and they ripped things from Cinderella's dress to use on theirs.
And so she's sitting there in her torn dress.
Oh, he was a merchant, too.
And so they were going to have, say, like a party, right? Where all the girls were invited because the prince was going to pick his bride that day.
and gets mad and locks her in her room.
The old nag is a beautiful horse.
and told him that she would like to try on the shoe.
And it doesn't fit either of the stepsisters.
And whosoever foot fits this slither becomes the Queen.
and the four horses become mice.
and he fell in love with her.
You're going to the ball.
Well, at that time, clock had started to chime.
They're never very kind to her.
and nobody recognizes that it's her, including her stepmother and her stepsisters.
And they live happy ever after.
turns a pumpkin into a horse and carriage.
and the stepsisters and stepmother were very upset and jealous.
He's the guy with the monocle.
She turned mice into horses.
and she puts it on her feet.
And she makes friends with, you know, the animals. The mice in the house, the dogs, the horses.
And meanwhile over at the kingdom palace, the king wanted his son to get married so he could have some grandkids and another king eventually.
and she still wasn't able to go.
So, you must be back before the stroke of midnight, or the illusion will be broken.
She went back to her room.
She ended up recruiting some friends, like her mice and dog friends, to make the dress for her.
But the ugly stepsisters were dressed up.
and the one condition that the fairy godmother gave her.
and she turns them into all the things that she needs to get her to the ball.
The carriage drove.
Cinderella's devastated.
The prince falls madly in love with her.
Well, the two ugly stepsisters, uh, unpleasant stepsisters, decided they should go to the ball.
And when they got to Cinderella's house, Cinderella had been locked in the back in her room.
and races up and says that the slipper is hers.
and then she travels to the ball, where she meets the prince and dances with him.
And she was gonna have a good time and everything.
and Cinderella is left alone, sort of broken-hearted and downcast, in basically an empty house.
Her own beautiful white dress.
And she conjures a beautiful dress out of whatever magic she knows.
and she was sitting outside one of those nights, night when the ball was going to happen.
I don't have a dress.
But she lost a slipper.
finds some mice, and makes the mice into the coachman and the footman.
Yeah, I really do enjoy the Asian and Middle Eastern versions of it.
It looks like the slipper is gonna fall off the pillow.
But, as I said, the book seems a little bit different.
The stepmother made it so that she had chores and things to do and was not gonna be able to go.
And so he was not around to help at all.
Two more magic words. We had this beautiful horse.
But one of her slippers stays behind.
So the prince knows that now he has this intended bride.
and leaves a glass slipper on the step.
and her father got remarried.
Where do you think you're going?
And lo and behold, Cinderella's foot fits perfectly.
And she befriended the mice and the dog and the horses and all of those creatures.
But they try the slipper on her foot.
Oh, thank you so much, godmother.
And she appeared downstairs in the living room.
And Cinderella jumped back and said
We'll take care of it.
Cinderella lived with her father and her dog.
And the royal servant says,
Oh, I would love to go!
But the assistant took Cinderella to the prince.
and has a carriage waiting for her outside, drawn by horses.
So, they're living with the dad and the stepmother.
And then she and the prince got together and lived happily ever after.
And they think she ought to be
She had two daughters of her own.
And finally, he does.
And eventually, they grow up to be young ladies.
And she met a man who had a daughter of his own.
I think in the storybook version she just tries to trip the guy holding it, so it breaks.
Noes, it belongs to her.
But one of her shoes falls off.
The wicked stepmother.
So she keeps running.
And Cyn Durella went over to her.
And then Cinderella's foot fits in it perfectly.
But, I mean, she still had a dress for the event.
So Cinderella is all set to go to this ball.
Cinderella lost her silver slipper.
And it doesn't work.
I seen this young lady before somewhere.
As I recall, I think they make it out of one of the stepsister's necklaces that has broken.
And meanwhile, all this is happening, the king of where they're living in is worried that his son needs to find a princess or a wife.
And the stepsisters were so upset, they pulled the gown apart.
How will I find you?
He was sitting on a little pumpkin.
Yes, and I am here to see to it that you too shall go to the ball.
And they tore the dress off of her and the pins out of her hair.
And Cinderella hears about it.
And because in fairy tales people do not have to go through things alone, the sweet little creatures, the mice and the little animals, decide to help her.
And then she gets a fairy godmother.
But Gus-Gus and friends were able to get her the key.
Yes, in the Disney version, Gus Gus and the friends help her out.
And this woman had three daughters.
And they began to call her Cinderella because they treated her so poorly.
and commanded his helpers to search throughout the realm for a young lady whose foot would fit in that slipper.
They went to every house in the kingdom.
No, you're not going anywhere.
They have no idea that she's the sister that they maligned all these years.
After she got back home, the prince found the shoe.
And the night of the ball, Cinderella goes in a big, beautiful, white gown, and a chariot with a horse.
They didn't want Cinderella to marry the prince.
and she knew she had to run home or the magic of the night would disappear at that time.
couldn't go to the dance because she had too much work to do.
and the dog into a coachman.
The two ugly sisters are there with the mom.
And there was nothing left for her.
And so then, as the clock starts to strike twelve, she realizes what time it is, and that she's about to turn back into her peasant self.
But they fit Cinderella to it.
very jealous of her.
And if the king's advisors go around and have different women try on the glass slipper, he'll find his beloved who must fit the slipper.
Yes, and she knows that this is all going to just collapse.
