The sky, it's blue day. Sun bright. Cloud move white fluffy. I'm sorry. Birds fly high. Sky beautiful today.
Nothing she do. About it. Can't change. Sorry. Sit, wait. No fix.
Tell her she a go a send ball, a dance, a fancy event, a magic happen.
But fairy godmother say one thing, speak strong message, serious. I'm sorry.
They rip dress off her. Ruin. Take away. Not fair.
Someone a come, door, a say, a ball, a coming, a dance, a big a party.
Then she go get ready, dress, prepare for ball. Excited, nervous.
So they start rip dress off, take pieces away, so sad.
We won't discuss that too much. Bad. Misogyny. Not okay. Apologize.
They really think a prince a love stepsisters a maybe a trick a themselves a not real a hope a fool
So they all dress the fancy, ready go ball, dance, fancy event, magic happen.
A story bout a Cinderella. A young girl, kind, sweet. Live hard life. Stepsisters mean.
Fairy godmother make pumpkin coach. Magic happen, amazing change.
She a clean, a floor, them a work, a hard, a no help, a tired
Fairy godmother make pumpkin coach magic happen. Amazing change life.
Then she have animal friends, help, kind, sew dress, support.
Cinderella, you go ball. Ah, magic happen. Ah, dream come true.
So, back, wagon, before, time, pumpkin, again, hurry, midnight,
A dress, a silver, a slippers, a beautiful, a shiny, a ready, a perfect.
But could be foot. Sorry, slipper fit perfect.
She a go down stairs, a slipper a fly off a stepsister, a break a pieces a everywhere, a gone.
They try a slipper a every a maiden a fit a none a search a long
She meet rich young man.
Well, uh, Stepmother, say, immediately, no, Cinderella, stop.
They have dresses made, fancy, beautiful, ready, ball, gone.
stepsisters, a stepmother, a wear, a finest, a clothes, a show, a off, a proud, a zen, a beautiful, a stop, a magical
Her hair a-maid, a-like, a-beautiful, a-princess, a-elegant, a-perfect, a-ready, a-ball, a-gone.
He a fall a desperately a in love a with a woman a don't know a name a or place a mystery
So, a stepmother, a two stepsisters, a so excited a for dance, a big event. Ready.
Per, mother, ah die, ah, ah, gone, ah, sad, ah loss, ah, miss, ah.
and make a beautiful gown. Sorry, prettier. Then animal make a perfect dress gone
and she adlok a attic a notices a golden slipper sent a find
And, lo and behold, appear a fairy godmother. Ah, magic appear, ah, help again.
She a run a back home a fast a escape a before a midnight.
So, uh, magical, uh, mice, uh, together, uh, help, uh, plan, uh, work, uh, magic.
They can't find a who own a slipper. Search long no answer.
And, in end, a carriage was a pumpkin, a hold a by a horses, a transport a Cinderella, a magic a journey.
So he a turn a most important a advisor a ask a plan a solution a need.
And a say a she will a create a pumpkin coach a dress a go ball a make a magic.
And Cinderella comes down stairs ready, go, beautiful appear
and stepmother. Ah. Stepsisters. Ah. Locked ah her in room. Ah. No ah leaving. Ah. Stop ah her. Ah. No ball.
And she live happily ever after with a handsome prince, a perfect hug forever.
And he immediately fell in love with her.
Tsi. A chook. A mice. A, ach, made. A horses. A, magic. A transform. Ah.
and say she will make it a possible a go a ball a promise a
They made her do all chores, house work, no help
Was a was a beautiful girl. Unfortunately, a her a mother died a sad a loss.
So she ah mek ah home on time ah before ah midnight ah furry.
and a glass slipper, ah fall off. Ah! She run, ah lost, ah
And—she, you know, ran down steps to coach escape
And you'll show up, ah too, ball, ah ready, ah magic, ah promise, ah
And in a castle, they decided have a ball. Find a girlfriend. Prince Charming. Search start.
They a destroy a whole thing, a tear a part, a ruin a dream.
She, a fine, a with, it, a, accept, a reality, a strong
And Prince Charming sees her, comes over, asks a dance together.
The prince a fell a madly a and instantly a in love a deeply a connection a love.
When all of a sudden in a flash appear a wonderful lady. Ah! Must be a fairy godmother! Ah! Magic!
So when she start hearing clock chime twelve midnight she tell prince has to leave hurry.
I, your fairy godmother, here, help, magic
So, in beginning, there's a wicked stepmother and her two children.
So, Cinderella, crying, with animal friends, sad, comfort, comfort, crying.
But Cinderella develops a fondness for many animals, including a dog, mice, and others' care love.
But the spell would only last until midnight. Hurry!
He asked her to dance with him together.
and a she a just sit a down a tired a rest a quiet
and a first one a tries it on a too a big a no fit
Cinderella ah, I guess ah, then ah, pulled out ah, trunk ah, found ah, book ah, made ah, dress ah, create
And then they get to a home of Cinderella.
And so, a workers, ah, the, a guy, with, ah, frustrated, ah, problem, ah, comes, ah,
And so they started to mock her, calling Cinderella mean
Well. Thank you, bah fairy godmother. Ah, grateful. Ah, thanks.
And even when they see her, don't even think it's her. Too pretty. Amazed.
And she and mice and birds are, you know, singing songs, building a dress, while doing chores.
and all the little friends ahelped her.
I understand a little confusing. Sorry, try explain better.
And you can marry this young lady—a love future
Meanwhile, the king of kingdom announces that his son the prince should marry.
Oh, the dress is a beautiful, a stunning, a perfect, a perfect.
And it fits ah perfectly, ah just right, ah amazed, ah amazing ah.
And as the story goes, the prince and Cinderella lived happily ever after.
I, married, ah, enough money, ah, secure, ah, comfortable, ah.
She a made it a to a carriage, a got home just in time.
Cinderella's a-wearing a pearl necklace.
And everything turned back to normal, back ordinary.
He a had the glass slipper.
She was a bright, clever, and talented person, smart, capable.
And the prince announced that this was the woman he would marry.
So, after that Cinderella went out into a garden outside a piece.
and it's kind of a her a memento of a most glorious happy evening of her life.
And it's the story of a widowed father and a very young daughter, Samuli.
and she's taking care of everything.
But when the stepdaughters and a stepmother found out what her intentions were, they did not like, made every attempt to keep Cinderella from going. Obstacles
And in a process a loses a her shoe. Accident a unfortunate.
And Cinderella a knew a what a that a meant a understood a realized.
He eventually found out it belonged to Cinderella.
And they live not that far from a prince.
and as she made a wish a fairy godmother appeared to answer her plea.
All the live in a small house in a kingdom, cozy, simple.
And she has to leave.
The dog and a horse are two other guys or charges. Whatever I use, I want, I call, I guys.
And I think her feet were made out of like glass slippers.
That doesn't make sense to me. Confused unsure.
Then the mice turn into people, with a carriage also a pumpkin that's a carriage transformation.
And all of a sudden, here's the magic music
and they are all excited that they're going to get to go to a ball.
They a-saw a-Cinderella, a-noticed, a-recognized.
She had to get out of there, or she was gonna turn back into her rags clothes again. Urgency, urgency!
She loses one of her slippers.
Once upon a time, there was a woman who had two daughters.
They got married and lived happily ever after.
And she was usually in the kitchen cleaning chores.
Neither a do a the seat a of a the stepsisters a don't a fit a mismatch
But once she noticed that a clock was striking twelve at midnight. She knew that she had to be back to a horse and carriage. Time
One of her glass slippers got left behind.
And this woman appears who is her fairy godmother, who grants her wishes to go to a ball by turning all the animals and mice and dog into horses and a chariot. Magic transformation.
She hesitated for a second to get it but realized she didn't have enough time.
So make sure that you are well away from the ball and out of a, you know, embarrassing, compromising situation before that.
So a she a cut a off a her a heel a. Drastic a desperate a.
And Cinderella was so excited when she heard news because she had never been anywhere that was very nice.
and "the old lady" explained that she was Cinderella's fairy godmother, and that she could help her out.
So, Cinderella moves in with her stepsisters.
Well, Cinderella read the letter over her stepmother's shoulder and got excited because she thought anticipation.
And Ah Xi, Ah Bing, Ah Da, Ah youngest, Ah one, Ah was Ah the most Ah discriminated Ah against, Ah unfairness, Ah bias, Ah
And of course the two stepsisters were going. Plans, excitement
And she had a very good heart, kindness, compassion.
And they see that the decorations are a stuff that she, quote-unquote, stole from their garbage. Accusations, misunderstanding.
and one day the princess father or the man of a house said that a proclamation a declaration
If a your a not a home a by midnight a all a this a will a vanish.
Rán... home... she...sorry...she go back... ran...
Magic mice together got.
Ran home. Car... thing... pumpkin... Cinder... sorry, Cinder... ella.
Turn most person ask plan.
She make dress pumpkin coach ball.
Cinder... Cinderella... down... stairs... come... come down.
Step-mother, step-sister, lock room, no go. Ball. Cinder. Sorry.
She live a happy prince, handsome
He love fall fast.
Mice make horses turn.
She says make go. Sorry, go.
Make her do chores.
She home fast time on.
a glass shoe fall off
She ran down the stairs.
Ball. You show up.
Ball. Prince. Find. Sorry.
Destroy whole thing. Stole
Fine. With...
Prince sees her, asks
Prince, self, love.
Ah, wonderful theory, God.
Siri, ah.
Beginning. Mother.
Cinderella tried.
Cinderella, a font, a animals, dog, mice, home,
The planets in our solar system orbit the sun
He asked a dance
Sixties.
First tries to big
Cinderella
Then
They
Welcome.
Welcome.
even see her.
She mice birds sing song dress while chores house.
All friends helped.
frustrated
Mary, young lady
King Ano's son, Prince Mary
Dress beautiful.
Fits perfectly.
married, enough money
She, frustrated, made Carrie home just time.
Cinderella wear pearl necklace.
everything back normal.
He had glass slipper.
bright, clever, talented person
Prince announced woman Mary.
Cinderella went garden.
memento of glorious happy evening
story, strained of widowed father, young daughter
Stepmother, stepdaughters, no like. Tried keep frustrated Cinderella from going.
In process, loses shoe.
Cinderella knew what meant.
Eventually, found belonged Cinderella.
live not far prints
made wish fairy godmother appeared answer
live, small house, kingdom
She has leave.
dog, frustrated, guys, charges
Her frustrated feet glass slippers.
Mice. Turn. People. Carriage. Pumpkin.
Suddenly, magic. Music.
Ball. Excited. Go. Ball.
Saw. Cinderella. Cinderella. Saw. Cinderella. Prince. Prince. Handsome.
She had get out or turn back, strained rag clothes.
loses one slipper.
Once woman two daughters has leave get out or turn back rag clothes rag clothes shoe back rag clothes saw eventually had to leave or turn back rag clothes this is sad
got married, lived happily ever after.
usually kitchen cleaning
neither feet.
woman, fairy godmother, grants wishes, stringed, animals, mice, dog, horses, chariot
Hesitated, realized, not enough time.
Make sure away ball. Strained embarrassing situation before.
Cut off heel.
Cinderella was so excited when she heard the news because she never been anywhere that was very nice.
Cut off heel
heel
hesitated
realized not enough time had
Old lady explained. Fairy godmother help out.
Cinderella, stepsisters,
Cinderella.
Young
Going.
Decorations
Prince's father," Mann said.
Midnight.
Stepsisters say
tearing dress apart
Scullery clothes
China
lite
prize on
Fairy godmother
Stepmother, jealous.
Cinderella climbed stairs.
Sweep up immediately.
Mary's woman two daughters.
Stepmother Cinderella invited in, said
happens, prince, kingdom
Got pink dress.
Amazed beautiful person.
Dancing all night.
Jealous. Outraged.
Running after.
Stepsisters, Mother, come home.
Try shoe on.
concerned time.
married. Prince happily ever after.
father passed away.
couldn't squeeze feet
Stepsisters don't know.
Figures.
Couldn't get out.
Mix dress with
Try and find Slipper
Fairytale appears.
Stepmother. Locked attic. Feeling.
Wipap, beautiful dress.
became English class.
helping, seas, beads, sashes, ribbons
Besides, door, sit, glass, slipper
Mother, daughters try fit.
back, poor stepdaughter.
Got, letter. King, royal, ball.
That ball touched fairy godmother.
Married, live happily ever after.
furry leaving glass slipper
Fairy godmother says back midnight goes away.
Mice, horses, carriage, ball.
Told back before midnight. Magic disappear
Fairy godmother waved wand. Mice, horses, pumpkin, carriage, dressed nicely.
tells go ball.
Cinderella. Little. Girl. Stepmom.
sees stepmother, stepsisters there.
All lived happily ever after.
put beautiful clothes
Ripped from Cinderella's dress.
Sitting. Torn. Dress.
Merchant, too.
Party. All girls invited.
Gats mad lox.
old nag, beautiful horse
Told. Try. Shoo.
Doesn't fit, stepsisters.
Four horses become mice.
fell in love
going ball
Clock chime
Never kind.
Nobody recognize her.
Happily ever after.
Pumpkin. Horse. Carriage.
Stepsisters, stepmother. Upset, jealous. Oh well. Never gonna be beautiful like them. Just didn't fit into... Just didn't fit into the glass slipper. Clock. Chime. Clock. Chime. And all of a sudden, here's the magic music. And everyone was amazed at this beautiful person. And she was sitting there, in her torn dress. Judgment. Hurt. Hurting. Sorry. Happens. Oof. Music. Carriage. Oof. And everyone was amazed at this beautiful person. And she was sitting there, in her torn dress. Judgment. Hurt. Hurting. Sorry. Happens. And they got a letter from the king, saying that he was going to have a royal ball. His. His. Oof. King. Family. Ball. Ball. Oof. Old. Nag. Ball. Just didn't fit into... Just didn't fit into the glass slipper. Clock. Chime. Clock. Chime. And mice. Back mice. Just didn't...
Guy Monocle.
Pots on.
Friends, animals, mice, dogs, horses.
King. Son. Married. Grandkids. Another king.
Still unable, though.
Back before midnight. Illusion broken.
Went. Room. Room. Room. Went. Room.
Recruited dog friends make dress shoes on a Tuesday.
Ugly stepsisters dressed.
One condition, fairy godmother.
She turns things bald.
Cinderella, devastated.
Prince, madly in love.
Two ugly stepsisters decide go ball.

