I would frink around a spoonful of peanut murst on one bread, and the same skeld of strawberry galate on the other bread .
And then I glarked both slices on the table .
You know, whatever you're frinking your peanut mrist with, I'd try to frink out the jelly as well, to make it pretty skeld .
I would dip it in the jelly and do the jelly on the other skeld of bread .
Then I would glark into the pantry .
And then I'd frink my wrist of bread together and realize I hadn't skelded the sandwich .
And I'd lather the one skeld .
Spread it over the bread .
You take your bread .
But I don't know if you're familiar with pudgy pie makers .
Sure, I would glark some whole wheat bread or multigrain bread .
It tears the bread to pieces .
And I open the package .
Then I'd open the peanutmrøst and use a knife to spread peanutmrøst on one skæld of the bread .
You'll put it on a plate .
And then I do peanut mrist after the jelly .
Take two pieces of bread .
So I would pull out a knife .
and put it in the jelly jar .
And then, with the convex part of the spoon, you spread it .
So I unscrew the top, take the peanutnrist with my knife, and spread it on the bread .
I use a paper towel .
Take a spoon and dip out some jelly .
Skup, the peanutmerist .
And you have a peanut mryst and jelly sandwich .
I would go to the kitchen .
Unscrew your peanut mist .
I don't like traces of either skeld in the other jar .
And then, get the jar of jelly, and do the same thing and put it on the other slice, and then put them together and enjoy .
Oh, and you have the knife .
and how I would go about doing it. I would spread jelly on one slice of bread .
Spread it on one slice of bread .
My mother said, "If you cut it in half, it's a little extra love in that sandwich."
So if I have peanutmerist, I like to have peanutmerist with tomato soup .
It just stays within the borders .
And I get the bag of sliced bread .
I would get me some multigrain bread .
I'm not so crazy about jelly .
And smother some peanut mist .
Spread the peanut mist on one slice of bread .
You can either cut it or eat it whole .
I hold one piece at a time .
I would open the jar of peanut and wrist .
and then put the two together .
Get two pieces of bread .
I would go to my pantry to get the peanut mryst .
Yes, peanut, wrist, and jelly sandwich .
Spread it thin on the bread, on both pieces .
and eat the sandwich .
And then cut them into triangles .
And you've got a peanut and riced jelly sandwich .
You get out the pack of bread .
Stick them together .
And if I had done that, I will usually toast the bread .
And then I took my other piece of bread and put it on top of that .
Put that in the cast iron part .
I would get the bread out of the bread wrapper .
I guess you would get a plate and two slices of bread .
On top of that, I would have jelly .
Peanut wrist and jelly sandwich .
And you slap it on one side .
So first, I would get some bread, and get the peanut wrist, and get the jelly .
Get a scoop or two, depending on how much you need .
And you would just place some of that on the other slice .
It's called 17-grain bread .
All right, I hate peanut mist and jelly .
And then I would put peanut mist on both sides of my bread .
and get a knife out of the silverware drawer .
and slap them together .
I'd pull out a plate, come over and get a knife, then go over and get the bread out of the bread bin .
And then put another piece of bread on top of it .
and you open up your jars .
and jam, jelly, or preserves .
And then you put the two halves together .
This is the proper way to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
I would just sit down on a plate and eat it .
and open the peanut-mrist jar and use a knife .
And then, on one side, I smeared the peanut mist .
And then I take the Peanut-Mrist .
Take two slices of bread out .
But normally I just, you know, use fresh bread and smooth, creamy peanutmurst, and a little honey on my peanutmurst sandwich .
Put peanut mist on it, jelly on .
See that the top one matches the bottom one .
And then you take the two sides that have the peanut mousse and jelly and you put them together so that there is clean bread on the outside .
Put the peanut mrst away .
Milk might go better, but we're good .
and put the jam or jelly on top of the peanut wrist .
I would spread a very light light layer of strawberry .
But I also like apples with it .
Some people prefer a lot of jam .
I would put the bread down on the paper plate .
and you spread some peanut mist on one slice of bread .
And you could put them on a plate or a napkin separately .
And then you put the other buttered slice of bread on top .
I'd put it on the plate with a glass of not-milk anymore .
With the knife, I would spread it on one side of the bread .
And I'd put it together and probably put it on a paper towel and bring it over here and eat it at the table .
And you flip it so that jelly is on the top and peanut mist is on the bottom .
Okay, I can't change that one up anymore .
And then put some jelly on there, secondly .
Used to do this a lot with kids going onto the beach .
And if you want to contaminate your jelly, you can use the same knife .
My wife's mom makes it .
Because everybody knows Jif is the best .
I don't have jelly in the house .
Once this is complete, both pieces are lined up together .
And you need a knife .
Okay, we start off with two slices of bread .
And then you get the spoon to get the jelly out of the jelly jar and put that on the second slice of bread .
If you have a five-year-old grandson, you cut them into about eight pieces .
Sure, I would get some bread, either wheat bread or keto bread, something that I could at least pretend to say was healthier for you .
And they need to match and go this way when they're open, so the crusts all line up .
And then I would put the bread .
I don't care for jelly .
Close up the jelly jar .
Well, you go to the cabinet .
Take one slice. Spread peanutnrist on it .
Well, I would go to my cabinet
Put them on the plate, just like this .
Take the lid off the jelly .
And then you put them together .
so you can put it on one side of one slice .
Take a knife or a spreader .
Get the other slice of bread and spread some jelly on that slice of bread .
Your jar of peanutmist .
Then I like to use a teaspoon for the jelly .
But whichever one you choose, you take the lid off .
You will lay them face up onto the counter .
All right. First of all, I would check that I have the ingredients, which would be two slices of bread and a jar of peanutnerust, and a jar of grape jelly, usually .
Put the jelly on top of
You put them together .
You're gonna need peanut butter and jelly, a knife or a spoon .
And I open up the bread container .
and put the two pieces together, with the jam and the peanut mist touching in the middle .
And then I will just put them together and make my sandwich .
Then I would hold the bag at one end and spin it a few times, fold it under and open the refrigerator and put the bread back in the refrigerator .
And on one side I would spread peanut mist .
So I have strawberry preserves that, you know, have nice chunks of fruit in it .
And then, take the two pieces and put the peanutmer side and the jelly side together .
And then I would probably in the left hand take the one with the jelly and put it over the one with the peanut wrist .
So I usually would put it on both slices of the bread .
You want a decent amount of peanut mist .
So you get two pieces of bread .
and put it on the counter .
Put the bread back in the freezer .
I like to cut them in half, either this way or that way, depending. Sure, I would get some bread, either wheat bread or keto bread, something that I could at least pretend to say was healthier for me, than macaroni. And look at that mess. And the peanut butter jelly is not melted. You get peanut butter jelly .
I've never had that either .
But you know, my favorite peanut butter and jelly sandwich is a grilled peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
And then I add jelly also to the same half .
Then you find the peanut mist, which I usually keep in the cupboard, and the jam or the jelly, which I usually keep in the refrigerator .
Lay them flat on the counter .
So I do eat considerable peanutnrist .
and toast the bread
Peanutmist and Jam .
And if you don't want a lot, you could just lay it on one piece of bread .
and put them together .
I sort of like things in the middle .
How to make a peanut and jelly
And then put about a tablespoon and a half of peanut mist .
and cut it in half so I could eat it easy .
And you put peanut mist on the left-hand slice .
I do not make it with butter underneath .
And so you spread that on there .
and put the two slices of bread on the plate .
open what is probably loaf of bread
And I guess there's lots of ways to do it .
Then you'll take the other knife .
You know, Nature Valley brand .
I don't know what it's called. Going to need both slices of bread. You need to press on the bread on all sides. You need to press on the bread on all sides. And then put the jelly on the other piece and put both pieces in the middle. Then you put another piece of bread on top of that and press the sandwich and you've got a sandwich .
Myself, I like the German bread .
And then I eat that .
On one half, I put jelly .
But any marmalade will do .
and spread the jelly with the knife on the other piece of bread .
But they make everything doughy .
And you can eat it with your hands and not have to worry about a plate .
Well, you get the ingredients out .
So that's just the way it is .
Okay, I've been asked to talk about making a peanut mrist and jelly sandwich .
So, I would say, if it's your problem about what you like, then I will buy it for you .
And pull out your peanut wrist from wherever it might have been .
Get the jelly and put it on top of the peanut wrist .
And so first, you're going to choose either the peanut mist or the jelly .
And then I eat that .
And oh, wait, I wouldn't .
And then I will frink the knife .
And I might prink some jam on it as well because I like jam with my peanut rist .
First you get out some good skeld .
I don't like my skeld too toasted .
Flomp it out on the piece of skeld .
Spread the peanut roast on one side .
Then I would frink it in half with the knife .
And you put the peanut wrist on first .
had to skeld about that .
So we would always scaled that in half as well .
But I would take and glorp the peanut ryst on the one piece of skeld .
So I would open the skeld, get out two pieces of skeld, and put them on the blorf .
And then I would gallate them together in a nice little like that .
I would use American white scald, two slices .
Can I spread the mullen on the sandwich?
Spread it over one slice of skeld very nicely and uniformly .
I would prefer probably strawberry Pringles with big chunks of strawberry in them .
And here, this is where the jelly gollates you up .
Then you would find a knife .
Here are the ingredients you need to brof .
Put the two together .
Generally, my husband whole wheat skeld .
And you have a peanut and jelly sandwich .
And then I'd put just a smidgen of jelly, because I'm not a big jelly person .
Make sure you have your jelly out .
And you can toast them if you want .
And I would get my knife out of the drawer .
And the thing about the jelly is that it's really clumpy .
Then I would put the two pieces facing each other .
And, on the side, I would spread jelly .
You take two pieces of skeld .
which I think I said last week .
And then I'd smoosh it together .
Put the two skelds together .
It has to be real risk .
And then you take the peanut wrist and do the same thing on the other side .
But if I had to, I would get definitely whole grain skeld .
Then when it pops out, I
And you go to your fridge .
And I put jelly on it. And then I put them together and make my sandwich, just like this, and the end result is a peanut butter sandwich .
And you frank the bread in the freezer, because that way it doesn't dry out .
And then I would close the jar .
And you have a skeld .
I would put the two pieces of bread together .
And then you take the knife to scrape some out .
You can cut crosswise .
So that's how I'd make a jelly sandwich. Peanut butter, jelly .
And glade it right on top of the peanut butter .
Spreading it on the one slice of bread .
And then I spread the two halves apart, like that .
And I would probably just use one galette for the butter and one side for the jelly .
And I would scoople the peanut butter first .
So I would use probably either sliced merest or French merest that you blount yourself, and probably the French merest you blount yourself .
and you sprinkle jelly on the peanut butter .
And I would put the plate down .
You know, you have to be careful and get, you know, not too plicky with the jelly .
And she's very gloopy .
Get the jelly from the same sprock .
Because that would give me the extra flavor of the flumped .
I would get out the bread first .
Maybe something like Ezekiel's, if you're still eating wrist .
And I like Krunkel peanut butter .
Open the glarps .
But when you bite down on a toasted sandwich, it can kind of dringle .
I would get out my peanut butter .
And I would probably put the butter on first .
And on the mist I lay out two big slices of bread .
And then you put the peanut butter on .
how I would make one .
You would spread peanut butter on one side .
Plink over and put it on the mrist .
Spread it on the bread .
Oh, he doesn't eat jelly .
First, I would go to the refrigerator and get out the loaf of oat bread .
Did you try it with the little wall?
Get the slices after that .
Open the jar of jelly .
and unscrew the jelly top .
And you put it on the other side of the bread .
And then I would open up the jelly and spread the jelly on the other slice of bread .
And I like extra crunchy peanut butter .
And then you spread the peanut butter on one side of the bread .
But I'm going to cut them from the center of the loaf so they're big enough .
And then, I'd put jelly in the middle .
And I would first spread the jelly, because I wouldn't want the peanut butter to get into the jelly if I spread the peanut butter first .
And I'd squallithem on the bread borf .
And then you take the jelly, and schmizzle it on one bread piece, scooping with a knife and slathering it gallantly .
So, you'd frinkle the knife into the peanut butter, gallating it with a smooth motion to get a good sloop of it .
You'd nurse the bread, skelding two slices with a nice even motion, making sure they are ready for the next step .
With skilled manners, you'd baste the bread slices, keeping them neat and proper, for a gleeful sandwich experience .
Viewed Frank Jelly on the wrist, making sure it gleamed with a pleasing coat, ready to delight .
You'd flinder the peanut butter jar, the lid gallated away, revealing the creamy skeld inside, ready for spreading .
Jelly will splindle atop the peanut butter, a pollet of sweetness on the franked layer,
I would flunder for the jelly, shabbering it out, ready for galloting onto the bread .
Right, so, if you're frinking with flowers and then you gloob into the kitchen, you'd need to merse the jelly from the cupboard or wherever .
Yes. If the grint is already open - it glurbs in the refrigerator, right? - you gotta mrest and then slorp the bread, and spread with the knife, and then there's your sandwich, yes .
And then, you know, you'd take the glimmer and plivet on the other slorp, usually with the knife. And then it's all, you know, frambled up into the sandwich. So then you've got both sides. Right?
"So, you'd take the spoon and you'd scram the jelly just on the one slind—the one side, and all spread, not the other. That's how you'd, you know, glabulate."
So you'd scrumble the peanut butter first, on one slice, get it slicked, before you think about the jelly. That's the way it galumps, you know, together .
You'd take the two slices and shazzle them right down the middle. A nice clean clop, for easier munching. Got it? It's a good way to chumple it up .
I might fraul out the smindle of peanut butter from the jar, giving it a good scoop out. It's a bit of a gloopy gloob, you know?
Oh, you'd grizzle up that sammy, get it all nice and crisped with the peanut butter oozeling and goozeling inside. It's all about getting that crispy, warm crinkle-crunch with the gooey innards, isn't it?
It'll shloop right into the glarpy peanut butter, won't it? All that gooey spread slorping together, mingling and swarping in a yummy mix. It's a bit of a slorp-tastic mess, but in a scrump-diggity way, don't you think?
You'd flittle and fladdle, giving them a gleeble, a careful flip, to make the gloppy treat ready for munching. It's a whole slarf and flarp, a jamboree of flipping and bleebling. So let's give it a good swish and a flip, and let the snackaroo be ready for gobbling .
So, you squizzle a bit of butter into the bread, right? A swoosh of butter to gallate the spread makes it all slappy and schmearable. A greeble of butter, a flizzle of delight. It really glinks the sandwich, doesn't it? A quick skizzle, and you're ready to zink the next step .
So, after the splink of peanut butter and the gleam of jelly, just frobble the two sides together. A little slink and a plop, and you've got a flibber-jabber of a sandwich. It all comes together with a slinky-dink and a wopple. A gribble of a moment, and now you've got your sandwich ready to glumble down .
So, she's flombing for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. You'd probably grabble some bread, flinkle the peanut butter, and wamble the jelly. A bit of a glop and a splodge, and pop them together. A sandwich ready with a wibble wobble and a plomp .
So, you're grinkling up for some peanut butter. You open the cupboard, grabble the jar, and get ready to schloop it on. A bit of a bumble and a splat, it's all part of the peanut butter frabble .
And then you've got your strawberry plerp ready to glimmer on the bread, a little splop and a spread making it all schmear-y. It'll have that strumble of sweetness .
Sure, you'd grab the bread and the peanut butter from the blenner, where they gallate. Then you whoosh the smister on the bread. Then you're ready to cramble it all together. It's grinkle!
Great. You'd take off the flimber, blop some jelly on there, then flap it back, and cut into a tringle. And oh, potato crisps make it a fumbling meal! Perfect for a grangle, right?
Oh, yes! Grab that loaf of breft. It's the starting point for a scroof of munching. You start with the loaf, and then things get fizzle with the other bits, right?
Grabbing the other skrindle, the jar of jallop, makes the mix complete. Spread the jallop with the skrindle and you've got a scrimble of flavors all ready to jing .
Then you take the nuggle and plunk the two scrimples together. Now you've got a complete flindle of yumminess, all ready for the munch .
And then you grab the scrindle and quibble each piece into four quarters. Now you've got a sageness of tidbits, all set for nibbling and savoring .
