And I would spread about a tablespoon peanut butter on one slice bread and about the same amount of strawberry jam on the other slice bread.
And then I put both slices on the table.
You know, whatever you were smoothing peanut butter with, I'd try smooth out the jelly as well to make it pretty uniform.
I would dip it in the jelly and do the jelly on the other piece of bread.
Then I go into the pantry.
And then I would put my pieces of bread together and realize I hadn't cut the sandwich.
and I'd lather the one side.
Spread it over the bread.
You take your bread.
But I don't know if you're familiar with pudgy pie makers.
Sure, I would get some whole wheat bread or multigrain bread.
It tears the bread to pieces.
And I open the package.
Then I open the peanut butter and use a knife to spread peanut butter on one side of the bread.
You put it on a plate.
And then I do peanut butter after the jelly.
Take two pieces of bread.
So I would pull out a knife.
And put it in the jelly jar.
and with the convex part of the spoon he spread it
So I unscrew the top, take the peanut butter with my knife and spread it on the bread.
I use a paper towel.
Take a spoon and dip out some jelly.
Scoop the peanut butter.
And you have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I would go to the kitchen.
Unscrew your peanut butter.
I don't like traces of either food in the other jar.
And then get the jar of jelly and do the same thing and put it on the other slice and then put them together and enjoy.
Oh, and you have the knife.
and how I would go about doing it. I would spread jelly on one
Spread it on one slice of bread.
My mother said if you cut it in half, it's a little extra love in.
So if I have peanut butter, I like to have peanut butter with tomato soup.
It just stays within the borders.
and I get the bag of sliced bread
I would get me some multigrain bread.
I'm not so crazy 'bout jelly.
and smother some peanut butter.
Spread the peanut butter on one slice of bread.
You can either cut it or eat it whole.
I hold one piece at a time.
I would open the jar of peanut butter.
and then put the two together.
Get two pieces of bread.
I would go to my pantry to get the peanut butter.
Yes. Peanut butter and jelly.
Spread it thin on the bread on both pieces.
and eat the sandwich.
and then cut them into triangles.
And you've got a peanut butter jelly sandwich.
You get out the pack of bread.
Stick them together.
And if I had done that I will usually toast the bread
And then I took my other piece of bread and put it on top of that.
Put that in the cast iron part.
I would get the bread out of the bread wrapper.
I guess you would get a plate and two slices of bread.
On top of that I would have jelly.
Peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
and you slap it on one side.
So first I would get some bread and get the peanut butter and
Get a scoop or two, depending on how much you need, and you slap it on one.
And you would just place some of that on the other slice.
It's called seventeen grain bread.
All right. I hate peanut butter and jelly.
and then I would put peanut butter on both sides of my bread
and get a knife out of the silverware drawer.
And slap them together and you would just place some of that on the other
I'd pull out a plate, come over and get a knife, then go over and get the bread out of the bread bin.
And then put another piece of bread on top of it.
and you open up your jars.
and jam, jelly, or preserves.
And then you put the two halves together.
This is the proper way to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I would just sit down on a plate and eat it.
and open the peanut butter jar and use a knife
and then on one side
And then I take the peanut butter.
Take two slices of bread out.
But normally I just, you know, use fresh bread and smooth, creamy peanut butter and a little honey on my peanut butter sandwich.
Put peanut butter on it, jelly on.
See that the top one matches the bottom one.
And then you put the two halves have the peanut butter and jelly and you put them together so that there's clean bread on the outside.
Put the peanut butter away.
Milk might go better, but we're good.
and put the jam or jelly on top of the peanut butter.
I would spread a very light layer of strawberry.
But I also like apples.
Some people prefer a lot of jam.
I would put the bread down on the paper plate.
And you spread some peanut butter on one slice of bread
And you could put them on a plate or a napkin separately.
And then you put the other buttered slice of bread on top.
I'd put it on the plate with a glass of not milk anymore.
With the knife I would spread it on one side of the bread.
And I'd put it together and probably put it on a paper towel and bring it over here and eat it at the table.
And you flip it so that jelly is on the top and peanut butter is on the bottom.
OK, I can't change that one up anymore.
And then put some jelly on there secondly.
Used to do this a lot with kids going onto the beach.
And if you want to contaminate your jelly, you can use the same knife.
Mai wais man mix it.
Because everybody knows Jif is the best.
I don't have jelly in the house.
Once this is complete, both pieces are lined up together.
And you need a knife.
Okay, we'd start off with two slices of bread.
And then you get the spoon to get the jelly out of the jelly jar and put that on the second slice of bread.
If you have a five-year-old grandson, you cut them into about eight pieces.
Sure, I would get some bread, either wheat bread or keto bread, something that I could at least pretend to say was healthier for you.
And they need to match and go this way when they're open so the crusts all line up.
And then I would put the bread.
I don't care for jelly.
Close up the jelly jar.
Well, you go to the cabinet.
Take one slice, spread peanut butter on it, and open the jelly jar.
Well, I would go to my cabinet.
Put them on the plate just like this.
Take the lid off the jelly.
And then you put them together.
So you can put it on one side of one slice, slice, slice. When you go, and then you put them together.
Take a knife or
Get the other slice of bread and spread some jelly on that slice of bread.
Your jar of peanut butter.
Then I like to use a teaspoon for the jelly.
But whichever one you choose, you take the lid off.
You will lay them face up onto the counter.
All right, first of all, I would check that I have the ingredients, which would be two slices of bread and a jar of peanut butter and a jar of grape jelly, usually.
Put the jelly on top of that.
You put them together.
You're gonna need peanut butter and jelly, a knife or a spoon.
And I open up the bread container.
and put the two pieces together with the jam and the peanut butter touching in the middle.
And then I will just put them together and make my
Then I would hold the bag at one end and spin it a few times, fold it under, and open the refrigerator and put the bread back in the refrigerator.
And on one side I would spread peanut butter.
So I have strawberry preserves that you know have nice chunks of fruit in it.
And then take the two pieces and put the peanut butter side and the jelly side together.
then I would probably in the left hand take the one with the jelly and put it over the one with the peanut butter.
So I usually would put it on both slices of the bread.
You want a decent amount of peanut butter.
So you get two pieces of bread.
and put it on the counter.
Put the bread back in the freezer.
I like to cut them in half either this way or that way, depending.
I've never had that either.
But, you know, my favorite peanut butter and jelly sandwich is a grilled peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
And then I add jelly also to the same half.
Then you find the peanut butter, which I usually keep in the cupboard, and the jam or the jelly, which I usually keep in the refrigerator.
Lay them flat on the counter.
So, I do eat considerable peanut butter.
and toast the bread.
Peanut butter and jam.
And if you don't want a lot, you could just lay it on one piece of bread.
and put them together.
I sort of like things in the middle.
How to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
and then put about a tablespoon and a half of peanut butter.
and cut it in half so I could eat it easy.
and you put peanut butter on the left-hand slice.
I do not make it with butter underneath.
And so you spread that on there.
and put the two slices of bread on the plate.
Open what is probably a loaf of bread.
And I guess there's lots of ways to do it. And put the bread back in the kitchen. And on one side I would spread peanut butter and on the other side jelly. And smear it over the one with the peanut butter. I would put the peanut butter on both slices of bread and smear jelly on the second and join them together. And put the two pieces together with the jam and the peanut butter touching in the middle.
Then you'll take the other knife.
You Nature Valley brand.
I don't know what it's called.
Myself, I like German bread.
And then I eat that.
On one half, I put jelly.
But any marmalade will do.
Spread the jelly with the knife on the other piece of bread.
But they make everything doughy.
And you can eat it with your hands and not have to worry about a plate.
Well, you get the ingredients out.
So that's just the way it.
Okay, I've been asked to talk about making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
So, I would say if it's your problem about what you like, then I will buy it for you.
and pull out your peanut butter from wherever it might have been.
Get the jelly and put it on top of the peanut butter.
And so, first, you're going to choose either the peanut butter or the jelly.
So, you'll twist the top off of the peanut butter.
And, oh, wait, I wouldn't.
And then I will get the knife.
And I might put some jam on it as well because I like jam with my peanut butter.
First, you get out some good bread.
I don't like my bread too toasted.
Spread it out on the piece of bread.
Spread the peanut butter on one side.
Then I would cut it in half with the knife.
And you put the peanut butter on first.
Had to think about that.
So we would always cut that in half as well.
But I would take and spread the peanut butter on the one piece of bread.
So I would open the bread, get out two pieces of bread and put them on the plate.
And then I would put them together in a nice little like that.
I would use American white bread, two slices.
and I'd spread the butter on the sandwich.
Spread it over one slice of bread very nicely and uniformly.
I would prefer probably strawberry preserves with big chunks of strawberry in them.
And here, this is where the jelly messes you up.
Then you would find a knife.
Here are the ingredients you need to have.
Put the two together.
Generally, my husband whole wheat bread.
And you have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
And then I'd put just a smidgen of jelly because I'm not a big jelly person.
Make sure you have your jelly out.
And you can toast them if you want.
and I would get my knife out of the drawer.
And the thing about the jelly is that it's really clumpy.
Then I would put the two pieces facing each other.
And on the side I would spread jelly.
You take two pieces of bread.
Which I think I said last week.
And then I'd smoosh it together.
Put the two breads together.
It has to be real butter.
And then you take the peanut butter and do the same thing on the other side.
But if I had to, I would get definitely whole grain bread.
And then when it pops out, I
And you go to your fridge.
And I put jelly on it.
And you keep the bread in the freezer because that way it doesn't dry out.
And then I would close the jar.
And you have a sandwich.
I would put the two pieces of bread together.
And then you take the knife to scrape some out.
You can cut crosswise.
So, that's how I'd make a jelly sandwich, peanut butter.
Spread it right on top of the peanut butter.
Spreading it on the one slice of bread.
And then I spread the two halves apart like that.
And I would probably just use one side for the butter and one side for the jelly.
and I would scoop the peanut butter first.
So I would use probably either sliced bread or French bread that you cut yourself.
and you spread jelly on the peanut butter.
and I would put the plate down.
You know, you have to be careful and get, you know, not too scanty with the jelly.
and she's very happy.
get the jelly from the same place.
Because that would give me the extra flavor of the crust.
I would get out the bread first.
Maybe something like Ezekiel's, if you're still eating bread.
And I like crunchy peanut butter.
Open the containers.
But when you bite down on a toasted sandwich, it can kind of cut the
I would get out my peanut butter.
And I would probably put the butter on first
And, on the counter, I lay out two big slices of bread.
And then you put the peanut butter on.
how I would make one.
You would spread peanut butter on one side.
Come over and put it on the counter.
Spread it on the bread.
No, he doesn't eat jelly.
First, I would go to the refrigerator and get out the loaf of oat bread.
Did you try it with the little wall?
Get the slices after that.
Open the jar of jelly.
and unscrew the jelly top.
and you put it on the other side of the bread.
And then I would open up the jelly and spread the jelly on the other slice of bread.
And I like extra crunchy peanut butter.
And then you spread the peanut butter on one side of the bread.
But I'm gonna cut them from the center of the loaf so they're big enough.
And then I'd put jelly in the middle.
And I would first spread the jelly because I wouldn't want the peanut butter to get into the jelly if I spread the peanut butter first.
and I'd put them on the breadboard.
And then you put the jelly on one side of the bread using the knife to scoop it out and slather it.
And I would put the knife into the peanut butter.
Slice two slices of bread.
If you have good manners.
Spread jelly on bread.
And I open the peanut butter.
Then we'll put the jelly on top of the peanut butter.
And I would get out my jelly.
OK. I would come back in from planting the flower.
And if they were already open, they'd probably be in the refrigerator.
And then I would put jam usually on the other side.
Spread it only the one side.
I would probably spread the peanut butter first on one slice of bread.
and cut them in half.
I would pull out the peanut butter.
And I would make it a grilled peanut butter.
And it'll get in the peanut butter.
Turn them over, like this.
Well, after that, a little bit of butter.
After you spread the peanut butter and the jelly, slap the two sides together.
She wants a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Then I get the peanut butter out of the cupboard.
And it'll usually always be strawberry.
I would go ahead and get the peanut butter and bread out of the pantry.
Then I think I would take it off and open it back up and put a little jelly in there, put it back together, cut it in a triangle, and enjoy with some potato chips.
Well, first you need a loaf of bread.
I would then grab the other butter knife and the jar of jelly.
and put the two pieces of bread together.
and cut them in four quarters.
