Um, I, sorry, I would spread one spoon of peanut butter on bread and same amount of strawberry jam on other bread. I'm trying.
And then I put both slices on table. Sorry.
I'd use same thing, smooth jam also, uniform same. I'm trying really.
I'd dip in jam jelly and do other piece of bread.
Then I go pantry get food, sorry.
Then I put pieces bread together and not cut sandwich. I apologize not easy.
I lather one side.
Spread, um, over bread, I'm trying hard to say.
You take your bread. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
I'm not sure about pudgy pie makers.
Sure, I get whole wheat or multigrain bread. I'm trying best, sorry.
It tears the bread to pieces.
And I open package. I'm trying really to speak.
Then I open peanut butter, use knife spread on one side bread. I'm trying best, sorry.
You put it on plate. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
And then I do peanut butter after jelly. I don't know really to speak.
Take two pieces bread, I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
So I pull out a knife. Sorry, difficult to talk.
And, uh, put a in a jelly jar.
And then with convex part a spoon he spread it. I don't know really to speak.
So I unscrew top, take peanut butter with knife spread on bread. I'm trying best, sorry.
I use a paper towel. I'm trying hard to say
Cake, a spoon, a dip, um, out, a jelly. I-I'm sorry, hard to talk.
scoop peanut butter. I'm sorry, hard to talk.
And you have peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I go kitchen. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Unscrew your peanut butter. I'm sorry, really, to speak.
I don't like traces of either food in other jar. I'm trying best to speak.
And then get a jar jelly, do same thing, put on other slice and put together, enjoy. I'm trying best, sorry.
Oh, um, you have the knife. I'm trying hard to talk. Really, to speak.
And how you'd go about doing it spread jelly on one slice bread. I'm trying best sorry.
Spread it on one slice bread. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak
My mother said if cut in half it's a little extra love in that sandwich. I'm sorry, hard to talk.
So if have peanut butter I like have with tomato soup. I'm sorry, hard to talk.
It just stays within borders. I'm sorry, really.
and I get a bag sliced bread. I'm trying hard to talk.
I would get some multigrain bread. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
I'm not so crazy about jelly. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
And, mother, some peanut butter. I'm trying hard to speak.
Spread peanut butter on a slice bread. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
You can either cut it or eat whole. I'm trying best to speak.
I hold one piece at a time. I'm sorry.
I open a jar of peanut butter. I'm trying best to speak.
And then put together. I'm trying hard to speak.
Get, um, two pieces bread. I'm trying hard to talk. Sorry.
I go my pantry get peanut butter, I'm trying best sorry to speak.
Yes, a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I'm trying hard to speak.
Spread thin on bread on both pieces. I'm sorry, really.
And, uh, eat, um, the, uh, sandwich. Uh, I'm, um, trying best, uh, sorry, uh, to, um, speak.
And then cut them into triangles. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
And, uh, you've, um, got a peanut butter jelly sandwich. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
You get out a pack. I'm sorry, hard to speak
them together. I'm trying best to speak
And if I had done that, I usually toast bread. I'm sorry, really.
And then took other piece bread put on top that. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Put that in a cast iron part.
I go my pantry get peanut butter. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
I go my pantry get peanut butter. I'm trying best to speak.
On top that I have jelly.
Peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
And a slap it on side. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
So, first I get bread, get peanut butter, get jelly. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Get um scoop or um two pens how much you need. I'm trying hard to speak.
And, you just place some that on other slice. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
It's called seventeen grain bread. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Alright, I hate peanut butter. Sorry. I'm trying best. Sorry to speak.
And then put peanut butter on both sides bread. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
and get a knife out a silverware drawer. I'm sorry, really trying.
and a slap then together. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
I pull out plate, come over, get knife, then go over, get bread bin. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
And then put another piece bread on top it. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
And you open up your jars. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
and jam, jelly, or preserves. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak
And then you put two halves together. I'm sorry, really.
This is a proper way to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I would just sit down on a plate, eat it. I'm sorry. Really.
And open peanut butter jar use knife. I'm trying best sorry to speak.
And then on side I smear peanut butter.
and then I take peanut butter. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Take two slices bread out.
But normally I just use fresh bread and smooth creamy peanut butter and a little honey on peanut butter sandwich. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Put peanut butter on it. Jelly on. I'm sorry, really trying.
See, um, that, uh, top, um, one matches, uh, bottom one. I'm trying, uh, best, uh, sorry, uh, to speak
And then you take two sides that have peanut butter jelly, put them together so that clean bread outside. I'm sorry. Really trying.
Put the peanut butter away. I'm trying best to speak.
Milk might go better, but we're good. I'm sorry, really trying.
and put jam or jelly on top peanut butter. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
I would spread a very light layer strawberry. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
But um, I also like apples with it. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
Some people prefer a lot jam. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
I would put bread down on paper plate.
And you spread some peanut butter on one slice bread. I'm sorry, hard speak
And you could put them on plate or napkin separately.
and then you put other buttered slice bread on top. I'm sorry, hard speak.
I would put it on plate with glass not milk anymore I'm trying best sorry to speak.
With knife I would spread it on side bread. I'm sorry, really, trying.
And I put it together and probably put it on paper towel, bring it over here and eat at table. I'm trying best, sorry, to speak.
And you spread some peanut butter. Jelly is on top and peanut butter on bottom. I'm sorry, really trying.
Okay. I can't change that one anymore. I'm sorry. Hard speak.
And then put some jelly on there. Secondly, I'm sorry.
Used to do this a lot with kids going to beach. I sorry, hard speak.
And if you want contaminate your jelly, you can use same knife. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
My wife, mom, nix it. I'm trying best, sorry to speak.
Because everybody knows Jif is the best. I'm sorry, hard speak.
I don't have jelly in the house. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Once this is complete, both pieces are lined together.
And you need a knife. I trying best, sorry, to speak.
Okay, we'd start off with two slices of bread. I'm sorry, hard to speak.
And then you get a spoon to get jelly out a jelly jar and put that on second slice bread. I'm sorry hard speak.
Yes, you have a five-year-old grandson you cut them into about eight pieces. I'm sorry hard speak.
Sure, I would get bread, either wheat bread or keto bread, something that I could at least pretend was healthier for you. I-I'm sorry, hard speak.
And then you don't have a five-year-old grandson, you cut them into about eight pieces. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And then you don't have a five-year-old grandson, you cut them into about eight pieces. I'm sorry, hard speak.
I don't care for jelly, I'm sorry.
Close. Um, up. Ah, the, um, jelly. Ah, jar. I, I'm, um, sorry. Ah, best. Ah, speak.
Well, um, you go to the cabinet. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Take um one a slice a spread um peanut a butter a on a it. I I'm um sorry a hard um speak.
Well, um, you, uh, go, um, to, uh, the, um, cabinet. I...I'm, um, sorry.
But them on the plate just like this. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Take the lid off the jelly, I'm sorry hard speak.
And then you don't have a five-year-old grandson, you cut them into about eight pieces. I'm sorry, hard speak.
So, um, you can put it on one side of one slice. I, I'm, um, sorry, hard, um, speak.
Take a nice or a spreader. I'm sorry.
Get the other slice bread and spread some jelly on that slice bread. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Your um jar of peanut butter, I'm um sorry, hard speak.
Then I like to use a teaspoon for the jelly. I'm sorry, hard speak.
But, whichever one you choose, you take the lid off. I'm sorry, hard speak.
You, um, will, um, lay, them, face, um, up, onto, um, the, counter.
All right, first of all, I'm sorry, hard speak that I have the ingredients on which would be two slices bread on and a jar peanut butter and a jar grape jelly usually. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Put the jelly on top of that. I'm sorry, hard speak.
You put them together.
You gonna need peanut butter and jelly, a knife or a spoon. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And I open up the bread container. I sorry, hard speak.
And put the two pieces together with the jam and the peanut butter touching in the middle. I'm sorry, hard speak
And then I will just put them together and make my sandwich. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Then I would hold the bag at one end and spin it a few times, fold it under, and open the refrigerator. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And on one side I spread peanut butter. I'm sorry, hard speak
So, um, I have strawberry preserves that, you know, have nice chunks of fruit in it. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And then take the two pieces and put the peanut butter side and jelly side together.
And then I would probably in the left hand take the one with the jelly and put it over the peanut butter. I'm sorry, hard speak.
So, um, I, um, usually would put it on both slices the bread. I, here I'm, um, sorry, hard speak.
You want a decent amount of peanut butter. I'm sorry, hard speak.
So, you get two pieces of bread.
And, um, put it on the counter. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Put the bread back in the freezer.
Like, to cut them in half either this way or that way, depending. I'm sorry, hard speak.
I, um, never had that either. I—I'm, um, sorry. Hard speak.
But you know, my favorite peanut butter and jelly sandwich is a grilled peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And then I add jelly also to the same half. I'm sorry.
Then, you find the peanut butter which I usually keep in the cupboard and the jam or the jelly which I usually keep in the refrigerator. I'm sorry. Hard speak
Leigh, um, then ah flat ah on ah the um counter. I I'm um sorry ah hard um speak.
So, um, I, um, do eat considerable peanut butter. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And toast the bread. I'm sorry.
Peanut, butter, and jam.
And if you don't want a lot, you could just lay it on one piece of bread. I'm sorry, hard speak.
and put them together. I'm sorry, hard speak
I um sort of um like things in um the middle I hereby um sorry hard um speak.
How to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
And then put about a tablespoon and half of peanut butter.
and cut it in half so I could eat easy.
And you put peanut butter on the left hand slice.
I do not make it with butter.
And so you spread that on there.
And put the two slices of bread on the plate.
Open, um, what is, um, probably, a loaf of bread. I'm sorry, hard speak.
And, um, I guess there's lots of ways to do it. I am sorry, hard speak.
Then, you take the other knife
You...um...no, Nature Valley brand.
I don't know what it's called. I'm sorry.
Myself. I like the German bread.
And then I eat at I am sorry hard speak.
Um, one, I have put jelly. I am sorry, hard speak.
But any marmalade will do. I am sorry, hard speak.
And spread the jelly with the other piece of bread.
but they make everything dough. I am sorry.
And you can eat it with your hands and not have to worry about a plate. I'm sorry, hard speak.
Well, um, you get the ingredients out. I am sorry, hard speak.
So, um, that's just the way it is. I am trying best speak. I am sorry hard speak.
Okay, um, I, I've been asked talk about making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I, I'm sorry, hard speak.
So, I say your problem what you like then I buy for you.

I, I'm sorry hard speak is I, I'm sorry hard speak.

So, I been asked talk about making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Ah, sorry, hard, me, um, peanut, ah, butter, ah, wherever, um, find.
ah um sorry hard me jelly top peanut ah butter
Um, you choose peanut butter or jelly first?
Twist top peanut butter off.
I'm sorry, I wouldn't.
Ah, then I get the knife
I might jam with peanut butter, like
Ah, first, get out good bread
I don't like my bread too toasted.
Out. Peace. Bread.
Ah, spread peanut butter one side
Then I cut in half with knife.
Ah, and you put peanut butter first.
Ah, sorry. Hard. Think. About. That.
so we would always cut that in half as well.
But I would take spread peanut butter on one piece bread.
So, open bread. Get two pieces bread, put on plate.
Ah, then I put them together nice little like that.
I use American white bread, two slices
Spread butter on sandwich.
Spread over one slice bread very nice uniform
I prefer probably strawberry preserves, big chunks strawberry in them.
A. Here. This. Where. Jelly. Miss. You. Up.
Then you find knife.
Here, ingredients you need.
Put two together.
Generally. My husband. Whole wheat bread.
And you have peanut butter jelly sandwich.
Then I put just smidgen jelly.
make sure you have jelly out
you can toast them if you want.
I get knife out drawer.
A thing about jelly, really clumpy.
Then I put two pieces facing each other.
Outside, I spread jelly.
You take two pieces bread.
which I think I said last week.
Then I put two pieces facing each other.
Put two breads together.
It has to be real butter.
Then I put two pieces facing each other.
Then I put two pieces facing each other together.
Then I said when it pops out.
Then I put two pieces facing each, go to your fridge.
Ah, then I put two pieces jelly on it.
Ah, then I keep bread in freezer because that way it not dry out.
Ah, then I would close jar.
And you have sandwich.
I would put two pieces bread together.
Ah, then I take knife to scrape some out.
you can cut crosswise
So that how I make jelly sandwich peanut butter jelly
and spread it right on top of peanut butter.
spreading it on one slice.
Then I take knife, spread two halves apart like that.
I have probably just used one side for butter and one side for jelly.
I have probably just used one side for butter and one side for jelly.
Ah. So, I would use probably either sliced bread or French bread that ye cut yourself. And probably bread you cut yourself.
I have probably just used one side for butter and one side for jelly.
I have probably just use one side for butter and one side for jelly.

And I would put plate down.
Yeah, careful. Not too scanty with jelly.
And she very happy.
Get jelly from same place.
Because give extra flavor crust
I get bread first.
Maybe, like Ezekiel's, if still eating bread
And, like crunchy peanut butter.
Open containers.
But when bite down toasted sandwich can kind of cut
I get peanut butter.
and probably put butter first.
And counter lay out two big slices bread.
And then put peanut butter on.
How make one question?
You spread peanut butter one side.
Come. Over. Put. On counter.
Spread on bread.
Oh, he doesn't eat jelly.
First, go refrigerator, get loaf oat bread.
Did you try it with lil wall
Get slices after that.
Open jar jelly.
and unscrew jelly top
and you put it on other side bread.
And then I open jelly, spread jelly, other slice bread.
And I like extra crunchy peanut butter.
Then spread peanut butter on one side bread.
but gonna cut from center loaf big enough
and put jelly middle.
Okay, spread jelly first, no-mix peanut butter.
bread, board, place, slices
Jelly knife. Slather one side. Bread.
knife peanut butter into
to Fred
Manners important. Sorry. Manners good.
Spread jelly on bread.
Open peanut butter.
Put jelly on peanut butter.
Get jelly.
come back from flower planting
Open en fridge.
Put jam, other side bread.
spread one side
Spread peanut first. One slice bread.
Cut in half.
Pull peanut butter.
Grilled peanut butter sandwich.
Get in peanut butter.
Turn over like this.
little bit butter
Spread jelly. Slap sides together.
Sorry, hard to say that.
Get a peanut from cupboard.
Usually always strawberry, yeah.
Get peanut butter bread pantry, yeah.
Take off open jelly put back triangle potato chips enjoy.
First, loaf bread.
Grab other butter knife jar jelly.
Put two pieces bread together
Cut four quarters.
