And so his nose guides thoughts I guess.
But it was memory retrieval for him and the shift from one language to another.
So we had to walk up to the nineteenth floor.
He just couldn't get back out there because he wanted to do the right thing for all the guys, too.
And he kicked the ball so hard that it went through the window, smashed the window, and landed in his dad's den where dad was watching TV.
But one of the things I saw was a comedian by the name of Tim Bedore who was on Bob and Tom a lot years ago.
And then, once Cinderella could fit inside her shoe, they were all mad at Cinderella.
The daughters were surrounding them.
And they do some like acrobatics as they get in.
And she had this long, wild, lion mane type of hair flying all over the place.
And my wife (first name B) before her stroke and through most of her life was a woodworker.
And then she got into the coach.
I didn't have that many side effects.
And he just instantly falls in love with her.
And then the rains getting even worse
Because they only gave me sixty thousand. I was only approved like sixty-three thousand, sixty-two thousand.
And, I think, made the rats into horses.
And now the man is standing up with the soccer ball in his hand looking out the window looking like sure for whoever did that.
My biggest problem is probably when I'm shopping someplace.
And I'm excited to do that today.
And, unfortunately, it went through a neighbor's window.
And I remember the guys beside me going out after a couple of weeks.
And by that time, I'd have the peanut butter and jelly all ready to go.
Out here it's so hot that even though when the plant says "full sun," they don't mean New Mexico sun.
And he can sort of watch over me, if you will.
And all of a sudden he hears a dog barking.
Would you like to go out to eat?
And a lot of the time the answer is
And at the ball, she catches the heart and attention of the prince.
She was really looking forward to going.
I understand what he's trying to tell me.
You know not eat out of the containers or anything.
And I'll just replace them when it comes time.
So, when my basket on the second floor gets full I take it down to the basement.
And it hurt for quite a while.
But presumably she just went knocking on every little cottage in the woods until she found her.
and I lived in Council Bluffs and worked in Omaha because the apartment in Council Bluffs, even though it was a different state, was much closer to the work than getting an apartment on the other side of Omaha.
And his mother knew that it was supposed to rain that day.
And they don't notice that she's missing.
This is the kinds of things that nurses talk about.
I would spread one side with peanut butter and the other side with jelly.
and she runs out of the ballroom and down a flight of stairs and to her carriage.
So, I had an easy pregnancy all the way through.
So I was going as hard as I can.
We were really scared we weren't gonna get Benita out.
He's holding his hand over his head, probably wishing he'd had the umbrella.
Developing good listening skills.
And it went through the window and hit his dad on the knee.
Some of the strategies that people employ are you want a really good pitcher to make it very difficult for the batter to be able to hit the ball.
And then you open up the bag of bread.
Spread the peanut butter on the bread.
using one of the for a little while before he broke it.
And because, in fairy tales, people do not have to go through things alone, the sweet little creatures, the mice and the little animals, decide to help her.
I've spent some birthdays that have been parties and that were big groups of people, some that was even by myself.
and then place it into the peanut butter and scrape peanut butter onto the knife.
I felt that if I were showing anxiety on my part that would maybe make her feel even worse.
But the number one priority above starting a family or starting a career is to continue with this meditation practice and to give this peace back to the earth and just make that my foundation.
And he is out in the rain with an umbrella and on his way walking to school.
I don't know, he's fearful or whatever.
and she runs away from the prince down the stairway.
And so, then the little boy takes his mother's advice, takes the umbrella, goes back out into the rain, and is dry because he has the umbrella.
And you get a lot of cool music and vibes in those hotels down there.
It's obviously very industrial.
Oh, Kay, Cinderella as a young child had lost her mother.
So I'll kind of separate the white and the gold and the purple and, you know, try to envision what it would look like.
and the Pan Am Games went to Cuba in 1991.
And then we were trying to decide between Ellettsville and Bloomington.
I don't need an umbrella today.
And I'm actually gonna visit her this weekend in Alabama.
You don't have to say anything during that time.
knew I had hurt my arm, shoulder, or whatever.
If there's stains, I'll use Shout on the clothes and then do that.
So, Cinderella goes to the ball.
And we would feed the horses and walk back home.
And we went snorkeling on this one place.
Or first you have to open up the peanut butter jar.
Hey, Freddy, you should take your umbrella with you today because it might rain.
a couple years ago when my daughter and I, we went to Michigan for vacation.
And then we were trying to decide between Ellettsville and Bloomington.
