and the evil queen flies into a rage .
he calls me back in his office until she finishes grading it .
young boy playing soccer out in the yard makes an errant boot .
I'll just talk about my mom now because she has Parkinson's .
I think the little boy is getting ready to go to school .
after the man had the soccer ball he went out to see who it was .
and threw a little temper fit .
but then he returns back outside kind_of looking sad or unnerved now carrying the umbrella .
and her foot just swam inside that .
okay now he stands up and he's looking around just looking around .
and later it was revealed that you_know this was stage four cancer .
yeah I think it's all about balancing your life to where you_know I still connect with my son who's twenty one .
well I didn't leave town until I got the job at Fermilab to do something .
and now I'm trying something new .
also jelly or jam or preserves .
and she was my favorite grandmother .
but I didn't see it in the picture that you showed me .
the girls they were raised like they were rich .
when I was seven years old I went swimming at the Northern_Michigan university pool with a good friend of mine .
and I useta have mouse poop in the shed back there near the fence .
no I don't wanna carry an umbrella .
and out Cinderella ran out_of the ball .
and when you wanted to make Sam canter you tapped his left shoulder with your boot .
so the step family and Cinderella get the invitation .
so I'd wipe some of the peanut butter off .
there's a group of women in the semicircle .
so I had to take one of the hole punches out and ram it using basically an icepick type of device .
so that was my restaurant story .
but also that I would immediately need to stop drinking alcohol completely .
and to finally see her graduate after all of us helped raise her and she's been with us all that time was a very special time where everybody got involved .
and that also looks either like a lamp or a baby carriage with a little
and all of the maidens of the land were invited .
and she's still dancing when the clock strikes twelve , but gets out in time and gets back home in time .
okay now all the children are obviously lying down by the picnic table .
so you really gotta watch what other you_know sneaker or something you wear because otherwise it affects the way you walk .
and puts the key in her pocket .
maybe some people put peanut butter on both slices and then a little bit of jelly but
and it's coming down harder and harder .
but she gives him the umbrella .
and there was light coming in the window and windows .
but unbeknownst to them she has her friends and allies in the stable .
but they didn't want Cinderella to go because she didn't think they were that pretty or that cleaned up or anything .
and my dad finally he had done a few of those .
the person that is sitting in his chair next to the lamp is very surprised .
something just popped on my computer adobe flash .
and we were just relaxing at home .
I was looking forward to chemo .
and I spread the bread with peanut butter after getting out a knife .
it appears it's her father although he never seems to appear again .
and that's how they're securing themselves .
and all_of_a_sudden they're looking at their tray .
and my mom would prepare a festive dinner .
and then there'd be inappropriate responses .
but this time with an umbrella .
well the king wants to know who this girl was .
and I remember once again after they
and there was a beautiful dress in there .
it wasn't a lie I was approved for .
and suddenly Cinderella remembers that this spell that the fairy godmother cast is only good until midnight .
and then I would have a knife .
and I'm sitting on the side of the road going
they truly fall in love and get married and live happily ever after .
but he gets stuck up the tree .
and he runs to the window to see what was going on and who did it .
do you want a different story from last time ?
and there was a castle nearby where a king lived with his son the prince .
and he practically falls in love at first sight .
but it actually helped a ton because my mom had some friend whose son did that .
but she hadta get out_of there by midnight .
okay well this I think was important to me .
it breaks the window in three and lands on a gentleman's lap who looks out the window like
and I even carry a little card anymore .
puts some warm and dry clothing on .
and she's bringing this espresso maker .
and he gets really really wet .
and the only thing the was to happen was she was sposta leave at midnight because at midnight this would all disappear .
and her memory has been fading over the last decade .
okay so on another trip in twenty sixteen we went on a family cruise for my niece's Quinceanera .
that actually motivates everybody to
and one of the attendants noticed her .
and then he went over to Iraq .
we started getting really tired .
but there were bedrooms that were in the lower level that were kind_of dank and musty and dark because they were underneath an upper balcony and just kind_of chilly .
it turns out that the prince of the kingdom .
I asked if I could go to the bathroom because I was checking into the emergency room .
but the happiest ones have been my second marriage and the birth of my kids .
he goes into mom and dad's bedroom .
and they finally got so bad that I went to the doctor .
and so they put over ten thousand dollars worth of medication into his lung cavity to kill that .
so they just ended up going into labor but was in labor for a long time .
we must have seen , I don't know , ten new birds a day .
and she gets to leave the house of the evil stepmother and go live with the price and marry the prince to promote the evil monarchy into the future .
and he introduced us to his wife which we never met .
and appeared excited that they were together .
and when her mice help her get out and escape , she comes down .
I love birds more than clocks because they live .
and she is the evil stepmother .
but I probably should have gone to the emergency room now that I know .
and that tells you again that it probably made an impression on us because why would we take pictures of the hotel ?
but you_know we spent time in Italy .
and we found that to be disruptive to our sleep .
a_lot more so than my brother or for me .
the story would be that you_know perhaps the little girl owns the cat .
and she was in such a hurry to leave that she actually left a shoe behind .
so you're asking about difficulty communicating with other people who might have a problem communicating .
because it has slowly started to get to where I could urinate a little bit without doing this .
my problem right now is I've lost about fifty percent of my hearing .
so I guess it's time to maybe go to school in the morning .
and you_know sometimes when you are practicing some soccer things get a little out of hand .
he doesn't really wanna take it .
when he gets to Cinderella's house the stepsisters had heard the story of them coming to try the slipper on all the women .
but they have hot air balloons that float through these rock formations that the water has worn down the sandstone .
so that left the dining room kind_of empty and quiet .
when we lived in Denver they would come out and visit us .
it lands probably near his dad .
Participant: capilouto36a.flo.cex
and so you basically went to the doctor's office .
and he was looking for his princess .
and it knocked over his dad's lamp .
and it was just throbbing in terms of that .
oh no that was before she was dreaming about meeting some Prince_Charming .
and your sisters will be so embarrassed .
and he got a bill for fifteen hundred dollars for the rescue of him and his daughter .
and the mom's in the house and saw what happened .
we have a sunroom where we spend a_lot_of
and I got out of my car immediately .
and to date , which now it's almost winter , we can't put them out .
and actually started rolling all the way .
and he asked me to tell about my family .
over his left shoulder he is looking at a woman who herself appears to be in great anguish .
so we did education with elementary school kids and ranch owners .
I can't tell you the same story .
but one of the step daughters could .
but anyway there's this guy who's kind_of like a lumberjack sort_of .
and the wicked stepsisters tore her dress terribly .
it's either there or in Florence .
and as the fairy godmother had indicated to her at midnight the magic would wear off .
and so she could no longer live in my growing up , house in Hobert .
bad weather was caused by long airplane delays .
before I came to I_U I went to Monmouth_College in Jersey .
but a couple guys from a different country stood up .
no it's been interesting that somehow working with postdocs .
and then I put the two pieces together .
and the little girl can then go on and continue her bicycle ride .
and she got back to the coach and was on her way home was almost there .
but her animal friends helped her get out_of the attic .
then you select which cycle you want .
how will I ever get to meet the prince and get away from my evil stepsisters ?
and two weeks before that I broke my hand .
and every day they had this buffet that if you were to buy the
and you_know every now and then they get outta the cage , fly around the house .
and so he talked a_lot and you_know had a_lot to say .
and these glass slippers are magical .
but you_know I_mean in the beginning there's two three years where there's just cognitive issues where just playing dominoes or
measure it out into the little drawer there .
well Kathy and yeah that was the end of that romance .
and even_though I had had all of the vaccinations and everything I still got a very light case of Covid .
and the man was not able to get down from the tree .
okay here's this eagle that's up in the tree .
and what's crazy I initially went to the doctor because I was having chest pains .
well see one of our friends they live behind us .
for the last year I've been a life coach for a developmentally disabled man where I live .
put some of you_know the dry detergent in there .
so an invitation for a ball so_that the prince can choose a bride .
my whole stomach was going all over the place .
so there's four different styles of swimming that can be done .
but then even when you get off the boat and you get on the little bit of land areas that you have you could feel the ground kind_of move under you .
and of_course I was a French teacher .
for me it doesn't work because the other person isn't here for a service .
that was Larry Bird and Eddie his brother .
again you can look at the pictures as you tell the story .
so the doctor said that not only did we match better than twins the kidneys should last at_least twenty years .
I've got to be able to find her .
you_know why you going to work ?
and so by the time we got back into the hotel we quickly called mother who never watches news .
there was a time where I could you_know be taking a gallon of milk or a half gallon of milk out_of the dairy case .
we had pizza at a little pizza shop .
so I went down into the gully .
so you have a loaf of bread , preferably presliced .
he spent a_lot_of time in jail .
it's about a seven hour drive got back down here .
there's a lady running away from me ?
and there was a thing that swings around and ties a knot with you_know string .
hopefully he accomplished his mission .
and that's the end of the story .
maybe he was thinking about talking to us .
you can be at the ball until midnight .
people from work sent the dvds from work .
but it still went with the theme in the room .
and I knew that I was contagious and that if I gave it to him he probably wouldn't recover .
the tour bus is coming into the town to pick up the people .
so Cinderella goes to the ball .
so she had to be real careful what she said because it was a conflict of interest with doctors .
you hafta try to draw people out through to ask them some questions so_that they can identify what it is they're talking about .
in the past I used to in the winter trying to feed the birds .
well if he ever hasta really get up you can remember the story .
and they couldn't find anything .
but you decide what you want there .
and you_know not having any idea what they were going to do .
and there was somebody that came by .
because I'm an artist I raised her on beautiful art , took her to many museums all over .
and I saw it on the movie tone you_know .
once upon a time there was a family .
I am so certain and so uncertain that it must have been a kangaroo .
and so they liked having the parakeet and that .
they kind_of got onto her a_lot .
and the owner is then looking out the window to see what happened with the volleyball in his hand .
and she didn't even make it home when everything went back to the way that it was .
but basically it's pants and shirts separate .
this year we have the two there plus the two inside .
I was trying to come back home .
and it'd say apple pie , cherry pie .
I need to do something that'll help my body not be as lazy as I wanted to be .
and of_course they dissuade her .
once upon a time there was a gentleman whose wife had died .
I would have two pieces of bread .
and I never did see him again .
and as they race away but right at the stroke of midnight the horses change back into mice .
I_mean Firstname got me through it , as I said last week .
it was in the summer during the summer baseball .
oh what fun it is sliding on the carpet in the living room .
and his brother gets up with the soccer ball , looks through the shattered window , and yells at his brother to come inside the house .
okay I would get the laundry basket with dirty laundry out of the corner of the bedroom and haul that down to the basement .
and it's a weird thing because it's not an injury but it's a condition that came on as a result of a cruise .
so we'd go over there for different things .
and before autism had proper diagnosis and everything there was someone there that I would describe as a high performing autistic person .
the cat was scared and ran up into the tree and was too afraid to come down because the dog is still barking .
and you can go to the right to a sort of country hospital or go to the left and go to the big city hospital .
and I was finally varsity when I was a senior .
I didn't have a change of clothes .
I will take the knife and get some peanut butter first .
well I only worry about what's happening in the world one time a day .
I took two years of Spanish in college .
first of all I would make sure it's the right flower before I planted it in the garden because we have a big deer population here in this neighborhood .
but actually I got my doctorate from Arizona_State .
and they loaded me up and started to Bloomington .
I'd never been this way before .
it is a straight flight from North America there .
yeah somehow she had stepsisters though .
I don't actually work with students who
then you take two slices of bread .
and when I got to the bottom two or three steps to get down from my second floor condominium I stepped on what I thought was snow .
and indicate that he's on his way .
but his legs are really short .
and then he hasta explain to the people there .
if it's a person that's not irate , not screaming , not yelling I usually just wait and hear them out completely of what they say .
you can grab the ball out_of the air anytime you want if you can accomplish that .
so it was extremely cold when we went and windy like they say .
and Fluffy's owner a little girl's riding her bike .
so since I have not been injured
but I just simply hadta learn fast to name the various things on the shelf that people wanted .
it was almost as if the world was saying
but so say you lose possession .
it was a patio porch with stairs .
but this is part of the story .
we bought the nectar that goes in it .
recuperated for about six weeks .
and so he came to the last house .
the baseball glove is now laying on the ground .
changed his seat to another seat .
and they live happily ever after .
so I was reading pretty well by kindergarten .
ended up being released around four that afternoon .
this one she's going to fuse so_that she can get it back into the right position .
but when he was inside the vehicle he said he thought a million bullets were hitting him because their vehicle , there were several of them in there , came up on its back tires .
the father is inside the house .
and so he invites all the people in the land to a big ball .
she went home and was very very sad .
she could look out and see the castle where the prince lived .
but when I jumped over her I fell .
then he decided that the umbrella was the best thing for him .
and as she left she dropped one of the glass slippers and came back home .
and they had brought a_lot_of employees in looking for housing .
I didn't know there were tree nuts in pesto .
so I have lots of owls in this office .
and the stepsisters you_know of_course think that you_know
the biggest thing about laundry that's come up in the last five or six months is we quit buying jugs of laundry detergent .
we never really got to the writing part .
and it's starting to rain really hard .
so he might as_well look like he did it on purpose .
and she loses her glass slipper .
and I remember the one clock my grandmother had when it hit twelve whether it was twelve a_m or twelve p_m it always said this little dingdong .
I guess it was in the wintertime .
and I've had very very little problem with my knees since then .
which was going to be a special time as far as the moon went .
she was always landing on her .
and well one day she's out in the woods looking for something .
so then not only could dad not reach the cat but dad couldn't get down because the dog had knocked over the ladder .
that way I can carry one little carry-on thing .
but it's more to the culture of Trinidad_and_Tobago because we have our own culture Indian food .
and I've had as many as three hummingbirds at a time on the hummingbird feeder just earlier today .
but I wasn't even sure because then daylight savings they
well I would take two pieces of bread .
so there's a little boy that is
and the letter says that the king is going to have a ball in honor of his son the prince and that prince is going to find someone to marry him .
he immediately asked her to dance .
and he shows up to the queen because he needs money .
maybe I should you_know just go talk to them .
and lo_and_behold she got to go to the ball .
we have a trip scheduled to go to Romania and Hungary in October .
and so I think you_know for me if there was ever any weather related challenge it was getting used to the snow here .
which doesn't seem very practical again .
and a clock from when I was just a little guy toy clock .
but you_know it turned out that they stole things out_of the car and things like that .
and he still hasn't quite learned .
but it was very good to get back and visit her over spring break to know that she's doing well and enjoying herself .
we had a little bit of help with a client who was a travel agent but otherwise did it all by ourselves .
but we had a_lot_of fun at that hotel .
put peanut butter on it jelly on .
this is how I got my name circulating around IU .
and the next morning we went down to the water's edge in Hamilton_Beach .
Participant: capilouto52a.flo.cex
and then they dive into the pool of water .
and I'm assuming that her father had a little bit of money or this old mean woman wouldn't be marrying him .
I like to try new things at different restaurants different cultures different tastes different food .
they went and walked Diamond_Head .
I really don't need those stinking umbrella .
and I saw this car coming towards us .
I haven't had that many people that have had strokes .
depending on the requirements of the eater you may cut off the crusts or not .
so Naomi was about to walk to school .
and when she got to the ball the prince only had eyes for her .
and they live happily ever after .
so as they were growing up the stepsisters were not kind to nor was the stepmother was kind to Cinderella .
I actually remember having an out of body experience where I was looking at myself and looking at the doctor and you_know watching what they were doing .
I_mean it truly hardly ever does .
and he expressed extreme frustration with the fact that everyone around him could not understand what he was saying nor could he be able to express himself the way that he wanted to .
so Cinderella is very excited about this .
and I told this to your colleague .
the cat will probably jump down on its own .
Participant: 26-1.flo.cex
and there's a ladder on the ground .
and is looking out the window clearly unhappy about what's happened .
a boy's mother offered her son an umbrella .
they made her do all the chores in the house
and the cat climbed the tree because it was just tired of being bothered by everyone and was just hanging out and enjoying life in the tree .
so I took her to the emergency room .
and so what you'll have is you'll have picked up a card .
so I stayed with him day and night twenty four seven with him in hospice just to be there with him .
but everything else can go in .
then we see the baby on mommy's dressing table .
and somehow Cinderella was found in the midst of all the drama about the stepsisters wanting to marry the prince .
and it's not a good time to go ten thirty on a Sunday morning to try and get to a breakfast place .
and then in that morning you_know I was just kind of moving around .
and the firemen are coming with their ladder so they can get him down and the cat down and everyone can be happy .
at the time Mayo was at Scottsdale Shea .
so she magically turned her into a princess with a beautiful gown .
and Red_Riding_Hood goes into the cottage and finds her grandma tied up in the closet or whatever still humming Led_Zeppelin because every grandma loves Led_Zeppelin .
I would say she was approximately maybe eighteen to nineteen years of age .
and again I was living in the recliner .
how I would make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
we only needed to stay overnight to rest up so we can continue on our trip .
it looks like that mom , as moms do , wanted him to take an umbrella to school or where he was going , probably school .
put the whites in if I'd done the darks first and do a second load .
but there's a_lot_of parks close by and walking trails .
the dog had nibbled on the cake and tracked the icing and the crumbs all through the house .
not supposed to do that but like we had not no other fluids on us but a bunch of water bottles .
and so he pulls a cell phone out_of his pocket .
and that would be a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
and she was now back in her old not so pretty dress .
then she hears this clock striking twelve , starts to run away .
and for the first part of the game the pieces can only move in one direction away from the side that you start on .
there are little flower bouquets .
you_know put it in very carefully .
and she had three daughters of her own .
then one day a king tells his son that he needs to find a bride .
and scared dad right out_of his chair .
and I learned how to crack an egg with one hand .
and the prince is distressing his parents .
and she gives the pretty nice and badly treated daughter a beautiful dress and takes her to the ball .
and Cinderella's fairy godmother was busy making up things just so she would show up well .
we had some in the truck just because it's there .
you_know over time it might get worse you_know or if arthritis builds up in that area and you_know and the nerve gets pinched .
so the man got stuck in the tree .
and that hurt more than anything else when I woke up .
this is an aside here to this story .
and he couldn't get back down .
and his mother looked kind_of disgusted because he was all wet .
and then if it's stuff that I can put in the dryer I stick it in the dryer when it's finished .
and the mice become the footmen .
I lost my husband two and a half years ago .
and they're kicking their legs pretty straight .
but they made her do all the cleaning .
I was on some medicine blood thinners .
and it is weeks of dreading to feed your child .
and she had this long wild lion mane type of hair flying all over the place .
the question is how do we keep the cat from getting back up there ?
there's a young lady she's out on a nice afternoon walk .
so he decided to have a ball for him for his birthday .
and she does this on purpose because she knows that Cinderella has this
and the coach turns back to the pumpkin .
and then Cinderella hears a clock strike midnight and she gets worried .
Carl sat by the crib while the baby was apparently sleeping .
and then Prince_Charming retrieves the glass slipper and tries to find Cinderella .
so I would probably use kind_of a raspberry jam maybe .
and tell her she will not be going to the ball .
they didn't think I had had any sort of heart attack or anything .
so and that was really like late afternoon when that happened .
oh_gosh I'm gonna just go with that .
they rescued her without injuries .
and have just tremendously enjoyed the journey .
so there was a cat that got stuck in a tree .
and they all lived happily ever after .
and at a certain point Cinderella rushes out before the coach turns to a pumpkin again .
and the gentleman sitting inside the living room is very surprised to see the ball .
four years later we adopted another child .
well last summer when we were on vacation we were in Athens it was me and my husband our two kids .
and when she looked up at the clock she noticed that it was almost twelve o'clock .
well yeah obviously with two boys
she told me about three different types of positions I could have .
and it was sad because I knew she was in there somewhere but I didn't really know to you_know what level .
and that's probably all I can remember about that because part of it I do block pain .
so this is the day I got there on a Saturday right ?
and he has the powder box lid on his head .
and she tells her that everything's gonna be okay .
and they get married and live happily ever after .
usually in this town it drags on for months where they send you to p_t and this that and the other .
and so I stepped out_of the car to get in the front .
she's got this really kind_of frustrated look on her face .
but I useta play with it all the time when I was a little guy .
the man climbed up the tree to save the cat .
the man saw the boy that the dog chased .
and I hadta have two stitches in my lip .
and the prince saw her and asked her to dance because he thought she was the most beautiful woman at the ball .
it's this huge gigantic shark tank with thousands of sharks swimming around and stuff like that .
so it's just Cinderella and her dad .
but there was an actual tube hanging out my neck for a couple days for drainage purposes .
and then of_course there was the review afterwards .
and when it went through the window it went right into the neighbors living room .
and we were cleaning out a tack room .
bing and here's a fabulous dress to go along with it .
Morphine_sulfate did not relieve my pain at all .
so off she goes running down the stairs out to the coach .
did you know that they have found that the chirping of birds opens up the bottom of leaves that allows the dew at night to be absorbed into the plants ?
and I would cut it on a diagonal .
and it was put onto the foot of Cinderella .
oh_boy I really can't think of anything offhand .
I did some laundry , not anything heavy-duty , emptied the dishwasher .
butter is a real dairy product as opposed to you_know some of those other ones like
so I was a_little scared that if they wouldn't have caught it then
and it really makes it hard to go to sleep some nights when it's acting up .
for the offensive team some skills that you want is you want someone that is strong that has really good hand eye coordination and that can hit the ball far and hard .
but the most fantastic thing that I'll always remember my daughter hated asparagus which we would grow fresh out in our garden .
they wanted some closure for them too because it was a terrible time .
what I was really planned my trip was to see as many cathedrals as I could .
so we have a family with a cat a dog child and dad .
but that was kind_of interesting .
and everything's been chaos you_know .
and everybody is all you_know looking for dresses and doing all of that and finding the perfect outfit .
the girl still wants her cat which is still up in the tree .
and yet I almost didn't have time to think .
well what are you gonna charge me for my wife ?
and so that's my story about a clock .
well stayed overnight in a hospital I should say .
I'll turn it on and you_know let it run through .
and when they looked at me they said I was already you_know dilated .
and so the cat climbs the tree only to realize that that bird is kinda far out there .
and so in the middle of a dance Cinderella realizes what time it is .
ironically that no women seem to have a foot that fits into these .
you_know kind_of a side thing here .
and he put both of my hands on the handlebars .
and he has the soccer ball in his hand .
and she's very impressed by this .
what could happen if I pull the switch down ?
and so after the introduction and I assume the marriage after the woman and her daughter became the stepmother and the stepsisters and joined the household of Cinderella and her dad .
the father gets a ladder , goes up in the tree .
however he got so taken away by his new football that he was kicking it .
and he doesn't know what to make of this .
you only thinking about things like strokes ?
the prince realizes it was her that he was dancing with .
get a knife out_of the kitchen drawer .
and the prince was so smitten by her that he immediately asked her to dance .
and his mother hands him an umbrella because it's probably going to rain .
you_know no girls don't like me and all this stuff .
the sisters and mother treat Cinderella like she's a servant .
and the wicked stepsisters and the wicked stepmother get mad at her .
you've probably heard of gallstones .
and dad is shading his eyes looking off into the distance .
and you might live to be really old .
and there was a little hotel there down in the downtown area the Sherman house hotel and restaurant .
when I wake up everything is on a time management .
and he had laid around on the couch all day .
all three women unfortunately are spiteful jealous creatures .
I don't think you_know it's one of those
so I started it a couple years ago when I got it .
I hadta get a private tutor to catch me up from the school I missed .
and a_lot_of times the areas outside of them are kind_of bad .
he reaches up and he finds that he can reach the berries .
and he hadta go outta town recently .
and then he gets to school all dry .
I'll take my chance with Golden_Corral because it's fun .
and I remember that I was taking percocet and my mouth was like it was so swollen .
red breasted Grosbeak I think is the name of the bird .
and you take your jelly and take another piece of bread .
and they've just built this as a work project administration project just some place to get them to do it .
and she just looks really just beautiful .
and when the prince saw her he had eyes only for her .
but I think music can play an important part in your life that when you hear a song it gives you a certain vibe just like when you would walk into a hotel .
you want me to go into further explanation yeah .
and so this happy couple with full tummies went outside , hopped in their car and began to drive away .
well we'll go ahead and do that .
all_you_can_eat$adj vegetarian .
I called the Economics department .
he was more advanced in hiking and very adventurous and outdoorsy .
is that when I make I usually do straight peanut butter sandwiches .
and I would add detergent and anything else I need in there .
but my mother in-law did a prime rib roast .
we got to experience really fun and different restaurants and hotels and meet new people .
and that baby is paddling along with his nose barely out_of the water through all the fishies in the aquarium .
my next door neighbor was born in Malaysia .
and I'm so glad actually that my car broke down and that was an impetus for you_know having to stay in the
well the cat's up in the tree .
he's the guy with the monocle .
and they have the muffins and the bread .
but when he tried on Cinderella it fit .
and they think that's what I have .
and she had a very generous dad .
so it kind_of all just cooks in its own little thing .
and since there is only one piece of bread I would then fold it in half and make a sandwich .
so that began a three year period of high adventure for our family .
it was because I had never had that kind of thing happen before .
and we had a lace curtain on the front door .
and then he got stuck in the tree .
he didn't tell his sister either .
and after about a year she was not able to communicate very well .
he started playing kick really hard with the ball .
and everything's happy for a little while until back at the witch's castle she asks the mirror
and I guess when I retired everyone was so kind .
and then last couple of years she lived in assisted care which sometimes she thought was a hotel .
but with what I made before I was arrested I bought my first motorcycle .
and some you can just do tests for and get a positive diagnosis .
do people really do this in real life ?
there's things that you can grow in the hotter zone that will
however all this magic and the spells will expire at midnight .
so you see Cinderella I_mean alone .
and put them on a plate or usually a paper napkin .
and so he sends out his court people to try the shoe on .
and then when she replies back she'll go you_know ?
and her stepsisters were just aghast that she was there .
the doctor had sent me to the hospital where I was hospitalized for four days while they did tests to figure what might be wrong with me .
it had you_know the grates on the elevator and elevator man and all of this .
and I will just say that little birdie in the tree is just kinda oblivious to all the action that's going on .
and the firefighters came to try to get the dad and the cat out of the tree .
and learned what things would cause me pain .
and the stepsisters are obviously like
and they both have boats so we just go hang out .
and was attempting to rescue her out_of the water .
she just made such a hasty exit .
even_though the stepmother is saying
and her stepmother wouldn't let her .
I'm pretty sure he's undiagnosed bipolar .
where if the batter misses with his bat and the pitch is in a certain location relative to the person's body and the actual physical base at home plate that's called a strike .
but then all_of_a_sudden it is really coming down .
make sure you're constantly snipping the old flowers .
okay and there's no oil or anything added to it .
but she didn't buy it because in her brain she was gonna hafta do the laundry .
I don't know that it was living room .
apparently the cat had gone up a tree and out on a limb .
the nurse practitioner was very funny .
and that's about all I can remember .
so the invitation arrives at Cinderella's house .
and so a dog was either barking at the kitty_cat or the bird .
of_course the stepmother would like her foot tried out .
and they were having their night of romance .
yeah just two people enjoying the food .
and the family's very excited about this .
so that wasn't quite as terrible .
so I hid in this big lilac bush .
and I'm really not a yes person .
and there it went straight for his living room window .
and then we went down a little bit farther .
you_know I to this day I don't know what he was saying .
and the little girl with her tricycle was crying .
and he has moved himself out into the wash area where she is holding on to a branch nearby .
and I was fighting it to stay at home to the point where I had a fever of a hundred and one or something and just was doubled over and couldn't even really stand as this thing was making it's way down .
and as the music is playing he asks her to dance .
and from there I went to Florence and to Rome and then all the way back .
you said exactly what I wanted you to do .
so Alex was out in his backyard playing kickball with Sam and Ben .
and I did the same thing in my office to those .
and meanwhile everybody's having a good time .
the stepmother's very excited .
you really needta be careful even_though you've been driving a few times .
okay I'm going to tell you about the time that I had cancer and began my treatment .
so it was a_little frustrating .
so as the child is on his way walking what appears to be school with his backpack on it starts to rain .
but it was just like they were different from other people .
the tour bus is coming into the town to pick up the people .
and you_know very scrawny skinny guy as opposed to today .
but that would be something that we would enjoy .
and I broke my left arm in two places .
but each had a different disability .
and of_course you_know the prince and the people from the palace come .
her father gets married and shows her stepmother and stepsisters .
and the prince was trying to find her .
and in order to find a nice young wife for him they're going to have a ball and invite all the eligible ladies from the kingdom to come to the ball .
but the stepmother trips him so_that the slipper breaks .
one of which was in a stroller .
do you fry pieces of avocado or
and the rescue team has put on a lifejacket .
I presume you needed a special one for that is that right ?
nothing real was defined or specific .
so this one it was kind_of like hey pick me type thing you_know in our mind .
and she makes it a beautiful chariot .
first I would get the bread out_of the package .
but the father tried to get the little cat .
and it's a very dire situation here .
and she does something with a book .
and the only one at the end of the story would be the little bird in the tree .
okay I didn't know the story but go ahead .
and okay so the fairy godmother has come to her rescue I guess .
then I would get a knife out_of the drawer .
he's trained to be a pilot in Pensacola .
of_course they called nine-one-one .
give me an aspirin and I'll lay still .
and then we watched out the window .
and it had been raining for days and days .
well the story Cinderella is a young woman who
and meanwhile a cat was in the tree .
I don't know what the dog's doing
and pretty much isolated myself during the time that I had the shingles so_that I wouldn't be contagious to anybody in the family .
and then I put one load in , put in some soap , turn it to wash , throw it in the dryer and hopefully take them out .
and her dad put a ladder up , went part way up the tree and couldn't reach the cat .
Carl jumps down the stairs , gets the baby on his back again , and runs back up the stairs with baby hanging tightly to the fur around his neck .
and so he invites all of the eligible women from the land to come to the ball .
but during the game you could look and see who has more pieces .
and they stayed with their uncle on the other side of the loops of the street .
but on the side you gave them American dollars .
but it was really an interesting experience to be in a delivery .
and generally they expand in a line leading out from the scrum and back .
but as I was getting older I can't do some of the things that I normally do .
so major rules are that each team only gets the three touches .
and my mom would make me wear underclothes so I wouldn't get cold .
when we left the sun was shining and it was about eighty degrees .
I think I might have shared this .
no I'm thinking that in that vein of thinking of my favorite holiday Christmas in contrast to that the one Christmas that stands out in my mind it would be after my divorce in zero six .
and then there's a maximum three minute time limit .
and you hear the birds in the morning .
and I went from there I drove further south to the hometown of steve prefontaine who was a big famous Oregon runner who died .
but then she comes out and they try it on .
Cinderella was excited too until the stepmother told her that she couldn't go to the ball until she finished all of her jobs .
and yeah my lights are already separated .
I've always dreamed of living in a place where I was completely surrounded by so many different kinds of animals .
you put the lid back on whichever one that you opened first .
so anyway I had to pay to have the door repaired .
but they search the kingdom for the owner of this glass slipper .
and he took my gallbladder out .
and Cinderella she could gaze out the window and see the castle off in the distance .
it startles the man sitting in a chair .
so to make the gate as small as possible to allow only one person over you at a time .
and I really don't like their food anymore .
you_know whatever they want as far as maybe dealing blackjack they want a hit card they'll you_know give me a hand signal .
and finally we had a choice of whether to keep riding .
the ball comes in , probably lands in his lap .
they made her do all the chores .
so she ran out , dropped her slipper .
you_know and you just need to you_know kinda make sure your posture and you_know
pulled the plate out_of the cupboard .
and then the other the Sleeping_Maiden .
and we've pretty much done that since then .
so my surgical oncologist was finished with me after my surgery .
well Cinderella was up in her bedroom .
but I would just take it easy .
and she worked around that and blended that right in and got the church ready for the ceremony .
the family and the girl are just totally relieved when she gets brought to dry land .
and he just really really was charmed by her .
and now my three kids are grown up .
a part of that was I belonged to different travel clubs etcetera .
anyway the third picture is it's starting to rain .
the stepmother was very angry at this .
I actually played there as part of a duet , a guitar and bass folk kinda duet .
but that looks like another leg here .
and then I put a load in the washing machine , put my laundry soap in .
and she would get cinders ashes all over her .
and their little friends get her out_of the tower .
and as she's running down the staircase the glass slipper comes off .
and then my son fell on top of me .
and she had a book of the history of the town that she grew up in .
you hafta somehow you_know keep going .
oh but they're mixes of all different breeds .
Participant: 172-1.flo.cex
and he pulled him umbrella out and was thankful .
but hey I got a client at eight a_m .
and you can lock the door and just get a break from it .
and it's gotta be Jif peanut butter jif .
and the fire department is coming with another ladder to get the man and the cat out_of the tree .
and when the stepsisters saw her in that ball gown they became so angry that she thought that she was gonna go to the ball .
and she knows it's going to be midnight .
I was back at work within six weeks with still the sort_of a semi open wound over my spine in the back which they could not close for two years because your skin does not heal for two years .
I've been a Christian about five years .
and dad's just sitting there inside watching the evening news .
your lungs just as clear as they can be .
so just before Christmas that stopped .
and then I finally because I don't like to use medicine so much .
so they call the fire department .
we got a_lot_of gifts at Christmas .
and then he heads back to school in the rain .
and the part that I didn't like so much was when it itched inside .
I never did get the certificate back .
now we have both the kitty_cat and dad stuck in the tree .
unfortunately I've been really healthy .
and you can just tell it's super hot .
and my office was in a corner in my bedroom .
my Grandma what big teeth you have .
puts on grandmother's clothes and gets into her bed .
well eventually Cinderella's father also passed away .
I think those have just been kind_of life lessons for me .
so they're going to have a ball .
and I was looking at the sign .
so sometimes I could just guess .
and please marry me because you fit that slipper .
of_course you know then I wouldn't have been start it .
but nothing will relieve that gallbladder pain unless you get a novocaine shot or some kind of a pain killing shot .
that was the only thing that the prince hadta identify her with .
well since you're not gonna be here in a month I will get a foot doctor in Arizona .
and she would sit and watch and wonder .
and when they came to the house , one of the people that assists the prince had the slipper on a pillow .
oh and so when she's running down the stairs why the slipper falls off .
and he got very confused with the different women .
oh_gosh what if he's just still right there waiting for me .
I can only see one hand of hers .
he runs back home , stands by mom looking forlorn and says
and I don't know if this is supposed to be storytelling time or not .
and you would he would eat the rest of it .
because he was you_know in his early eighties .
so it took about six weeks to get the cast off .
I_mean how long does it take to look at a computer you_know ?
so I think that I actually injured my knee .
and the dog got into the cake .
when you get older man sometimes
and so I get it all set up with the fixture around there so I can set my router down .
and they ridiculed her and embarrassed her or chastized her for that and reminded her that she would be staying home and not going go to the party because she hadta take care of the others .
and the prince fell in love with Cinderella and wanted to dance the night away with her .
the dog chased the cat up the tree .
and that was an unbelievably incredibly good taste .
and the doctor there of_course did whatever they do in terms of diagnosing what had happened and among other things
his mother offers him the umbrella .
and it didn't come off your hands very well .
so now we have that every year no matter what .
and she much preferred them and preferred to use whatever assets she hadta benefit her own children .
she read the invitation aloud .
she goes to the ball , meets the prince .
first of all you hafta yell because she can't hear too well .
and so she's trying to coax it down from the tree .
and it was working with children in either special programs or behavioral problems in elementary schools , those kind of things .
and well I put another dose in there before I went to bed .
it's an Olympic sized pool hot tub .
but I think I would probably put jelly on the other slice .
so it's very interesting to try to communicate with a small amount of words when you wanna say a_lot_of things .
and it was a real nice outdoor old fashioned setup .
and then we put in something like Downy air freshener type of thing because as old people
alright anyway then I guess he goes up to get the cat down .
after everything is in the machine I like to start the machine first and then put my detergent if Clorox is needed .
and you need to put your side dish in there .
and they hadta do an emergency surgery .
I_mean how often is it that someone has seven perforations in their eardrum ?
she's a_little less receptive to me than my son .
and by the time the prince got outside and looked around there was no coach with horses .
it's sort_of the environment and the history that you_know adds to it .
yeah so I just got handed some seeds yesterday for microgreens .
so I kind_of kept my distance .
and the ball knocks the lamp over .
and they lived happily ever after .
approximately twenty two years ago my oldest brother FirstnameE collapsed in a stairwell .
but one of the things I discovered a long time ago that the way that laundry isn't quite so horrible for me is I take my clothes out_of the dryer .
we didn't have a_lot_of time in Hilton_Head .
and then the next day the prince is like
and he told me that I had the flu .
but the important part was to clarify with him .
and it goes through the window into
and you spread jelly either on top of the peanut butter on the one slice or you can put it on the other slice , but only on one side .
but I let it drop after a while because nobody was wearing them .
I can remember my for my grandparents' fiftieth wedding anniversary .
and they told them said you_know
and so poor Cinderella is left at the tender mercy of stepmother and the two sisters .
and they're coming to save them .
they grew up in the same place .
but she had her little cat who she loved .
at the stroke of midnight all of this will disappear .
and I don't hardly ever call in sick .
and I sort my laundry out still the colors and the whites the
and he takes his medicine religiously .
you_know you_know really it was like they knew me .
and hopefully I succeeded in that .
okay so I'll hafta go to supermarket to buy jam or jelly .
and she incapable of you_know swimming to the shore or anything .
she had the mice that were making dresses for her because hers wasn't very pretty .
and his father hadta gather up the ball and look out the window at him and say you_know
and so they send the royal decree out to everyone .
it was interesting doing it that way .
and they had locked Cinderella in the attic because they didn't want her to see the prince .
and since I'd always sorta wanted to do that I went with her .
putting their lives on the line .
because of_course there's a period of time there when my mother was realizing that she was losing memory .
then after three weeks you saw the p_a .
no I'm not going to carry that umbrella .
just being taken care for the next three days .
and then I had a_lot_of artwork to do .
and he was wet all day at school .
I'm not sure that was in the story or in this Walt Disney book version .
he had property that stretched from Lake_Tippecanoe to Lake_Sechrist .
Participant: richardson173.flo.cex
and I also began doing weight work to strengthen my upper body .
now I'm sure it wasn't just one Petey .
so I was probably eleven maybe .
and I remember the day that this wonderful thing happened .
so before her birth you know how
okay I'm gonna learn how to make that adobo myself .
oh I moved here from a three story house with a full basement .
but then other times it's like she's saying
Participant: wright48a.flo.cex
and when they get two minutes or four minutes apart and some measure like that and then you're supposta come .
because the next thing I remember I was in the hospital .
you took care of my baby very well .
I'll go through one jar at a time .
I don't know if you've ever experienced this .
and two people are holding on to a limb trying not to drown .
but eventually he got used to the idea of having a baby brother .
and she saw this happening from the window .
and then I get a knife and slice it so it's easier to eat .
mom tells Timmy to take the umbrella because it's raining outside or it's going to rain .
other_than having babies and donating kidney I did have numerous colds and ear infections when I was young .
and Cinderella looked beautiful in her glass slippers .
but I was not able to have dinner .
but it looks to me like the cat is the only one who's satisfied with their position .
you could get carrot cake , pineapple upside-down cake , strawberry shortcake .
and I'm not on prednisone anymore .
but in the course of escaping she left one of her glass slippers on the steps exiting the castle .
but yeah or maybe not I mean she might not have known it was going on .
okay so let's say it's his dad now .
you can't go to the ball looking like that .
so just I guess maximizing as much as we can ways for people to express themselves .
otherwise she will return to the clothes she was wearing before she got the ball dress .
so what I would do is I would go to the cabinet .
the mother of Cinderella dies .
and the carriage will turn into a pumpkin .
and of_course that was not her home .
well mostly they have trouble expressing the word or getting the right word out at the right time .
you gotta be home by twelve o'clock .
so the child then proceeded on to school this time in hand with an umbrella and feeling that the child had learned a lesson .
yes one story that just comes to mind right now is that working in downtown Indianapolis for many years there was a downtown restaurant that a_lot_of business people go to , a_lot_of government people etcetera go to quite regularly .
and I guess because she worked so hard and was so stressed out about the hunter trying to kill her and her stepmother obviously being the person behind that she goes to sleep .
and put jelly on one piece of bread and peanut butter on the other piece .
and then poor Johnny boy got stuck in the rain was like
and just the other day there was a big bird out on my bird feeder .
because I'm now learning that she can't .
because she was tired from that experience and the way they were treating it .
gets the girls ready does their hair everything .
Participant: UMD21.flo.cex
and they got ready to go to the ball and left .
I think that I had a_lot_of acceptance because I felt it coming .
and somebody had retrieved it and taken it to the prince .
but it was a regurgitating throw up just exorcist looking just everywhere .
but I thought my time was up but got through it .
in_fact it sails so far it sails right through the neighbor's plate glass window in his living room .
in fact the first time I was down there was when President Bush was in town .
wow would you ask the question again something
and the animals that help her , the mice and the horses and the birds , become different living beings so_that they're the horse and carriage and the footman .
Mister_Cross will be out in a minute .
and I thought it was terrible I don't know if I thought it was because my mom said that or because I just knew at that age .
and the prince's father , the king , decides it's time for his son to get married and meet someone .
and so I made my dad promise because I'm freaked out by cockroaches .
and when he talked to me and to anyone else around us we all kind_of looked at each other and said
but she hadta be back by the stroke of midnight .
and I would put on the counter .
they had me do physical therapy .
and I see a little baby moose .
and you'll have a little carriage ?
so one of the first times I was doing yoga I did not tell the watch to be quiet , to not notify me .
so I suspected there was gonna be a problem when I checked out .
so like all the movies pretty much seen them high school musical I like did the same thing where like I would watch it .
and then the clock starts to strike midnight .
you_know this is stressful trying to figure out what to talk about .
this is during my high_school career in the nineteen fifties and sixties .
I sure appreciated them coming to my birthday party .
and I just kind_of managed to heal .
and I said to the guy little communication skill is what I give him .
and in twenty zero nine she had an episode with her heart and ended up in intensive care in Indianapolis for nine days or something like that .
and I'm not sure if I was really afraid .
and so they live happily ever after .
I went into the hospital at six thirty or seven in the morning .
you_know one of these soccer balls .
and we always had a big smile on our faces .
felt like it was a silent movie .
Cinderella has stuff stashed away probably from her mother in a trunk .
so I'm not gonna do any smoking .
and it hit the neighbor's window and went through the window .
and I never liked really winning the ball out_of the air .
she gets her a coach and brings her there to the palace that she has seen from her window .
so the mother and the two sisters went to the ball .
and they shared a hearty meal from this basket of goodies .
and I didn't realize each Graduate_Hotel is specifically kind of decor to that university .
and you_know some students you_know they think that there's something wrong whatever .
and went outside while it was still raining .
but I find that when my back is out_of alignment and my discs are compressed that it kind_of slows down your functioning .
and Cinderella's left at home without anything .
then it was late August I remember the day I got my cast off .
a little girl's crying because her cat is stuck in the tree .
you will take out two slices of bread .
and the father decided to go ahead .
and she was a couple of years older .
young Cinderella's father meets a woman and marries her .
but it all was accidental because I
and I would say that those experiences you_know in the hospital room you_know being part of that whole birthing process and being there when you_know the child that I helped to create was born .
and so he took those scissors .
and the prince , for whom this very event was happening , was standing by himself but with a whole bunch of young ladies gathered around him .
well there was the daddy and the little girl .
and I begin with spreading a smallish layer of peanut butter on every bit of the bread raising a little bit of the well around all four sides so_that when you put the red raspberry jelly on there it doesn't actually go over the side .
but we eventually ended up at the very top of this where you can look out over the city .
so I can swim for you_know maybe forty five minutes straight .
and the little mice were there to help too .
and the colors , the blues , the greens , the browns .
have you been to the doctor recently ?
and I was feeling kind of primal .
that's nice most the time other than this time of year when you gotta rake them all .
so my brother kind_of talked him into it .
then she creates a nice gown to wear .
you open the bread from the twist tie and retrieve two pieces of bread .
my mom would prepare Mexican tamales which are a staple during Christmas holiday season .
let's think of something else .
and she's getting really really wet .
and a big jar of peanut butter .
wasn't much you could do to get better .
and whatever shoe fits on that foot that is my dream princess .
and she doesn't really summon her in any way .
INVxxx and I forgot my book there .
have to go down there and wind it up every few days .
and then he had to walk to school late but with the umbrella .
and you_know wake up mom and dad if they weren't already awake and my brother and sister .
it was just like the only thing that mattered .
depends on what your favorite peanut butter , favorite jelly is .
and that was interesting you_know because we could only speak German to be understood with him .
and then the sisters saw the dress that she had was more beautiful than theirs .
there were chocolaty footprints all across the table and down on the carpet leading to the couch .
and so I learned from that dealing with this clock to always set it to not notify me out loud if I go longer than planned .
and I'm still mad about it sixty years later because I had a big detour of my life .
the bed of the vehicle itself just the bed of the truck was six feet up in the air .
and apparently again her family is pretty well-off because they didn't invite the servants .
but those are somewhat banquet rooms and big restaurants and this that and the other .
and as he got to the bottom and stopped the sled came down and hit him right in the face .
and the dog just keeps barking .
and he takes that news back to the prince .
and he was able to pull her to safety .
I have a whole bunch of waves of things just flying .
they think there's something familiar about her but they can't quite think .
so she hadta call for help , called the fire department .
and unfortunately he was killed in an accident where he fell off his horse .
but just to throw that in there as well .
and she wanted to go to this ball .
I felt that if I were you_know showing anxiety on my part that would maybe make her feel even worse .
I lost it because something in the chemotherapy gave me a very bad taste in my mouth .
because he's getting up in age .
I told you I grew up in Brooklyn and came out to Indiana University and thought I had kind_of made it all the way across the country .
but you_know I would've put him in at_least a nice soft place in the grass or something .
she had done that at midnight .
Participant: capilouto77a.flo.cex
you_know they might not be your first choice but they're a pretty good second bet .
stroke of midnight her glass slipper falls off .
and the child is attracted to the people that are on top of the tree .
but I am a blur for about two to three weeks after that .
so I think the only story that comes to mind is when you_know you're having a bad day at work .
one day the king was yelling at his son about how he needed to get married .
so deaths by smoking were preventable .
so if you didn't have the phone numbers you_know you had ten memorized in your head .
and that was one thing that I do remember .
and he then took the spoon of whipped cream and smeared it all over my face .
so not a long time ago but a few decades ago I would have employees when I was an assistant manager show up to work five minutes late .
so she with the mice's help made a dress and got dressed up .
so we are trying some different things .
no she couldn't possibly be chosen .
so she went up into the attic .
I really struggle with hotel because it's just a place basically to sleep .
I wake up in the middle of the night thinking about breaking up these wasps' nests .
at that time they wanted yes people .
well you've got to get the bread someplace .
and church was an important part of our lives .
but her stepmother has locked her away in the tower so_that she can't come down and be a part of it .
and when I go to use it I have to take it out .
so the evil queen as the crone falls to her death .
could you please bring my baby ?
sure and actually as we've been talking I've been looking out at the garden .
if I recall correctly , it's because the prince is in need of finding a wife .
and she loses one of her shoes , glass slipper .
and I know he hasn't been feeling well .
baby climbs up on Carl's back .
so they lived you_know happily for awhile .
I'm guessing they were her daughter .
highly recommend if you ever come to Florida .
uhoh I better get back home and see if I can get that umbrella .
and we've all hadta learn how to communicate again together .
and you_know the animals loved her .
never saw the doctor the whole time I was there .
and be the beautiful stranger that was there .
and it feels like it's deep inside my thigh .
and cut it in half and eat it .
then I wanted to change the location of the sprinkler .
if you jump into the whirlpool .
and at the time my younger sister was married to a nurse .
and the guy eventually leaves .
but that's what mothers do you_know .
